Re:Zero EX: "School Re:Zero! 2nd Period! (Vainglory IF)"
≪It continued! School Re:Zero! 2nd Period!!≫

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

This story is a direct sequel to the April Fools' project.
Please read "School Re:Zero! 1st Period!" before proceeding.
This is a Re:Zero story transplanted into a modern school setting with a complete "IF" scenario.
Despite the modern setting, character names, hair colors, and other traits are accepted as they are without any sense of incongruity.
Since it follows many tropes of galge (dating sims), it might be a bit cheesy.
However, no one ends up unhappy.

With the above in mind, please proceed only if you have a sense of humor and can forgive the characters being happy.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

—A rather grand monologue-like sequence played out, and if this were a game or something, this would probably be the timing for the opening movie to kick in.

Regardless, looking at it realistically, no matter how much of a shock I was in, time flows on relentlessly. It seems I was the only one under the illusion that time had stopped while I was captivated by the transfer student's smile.

"Now then, I'm sure you all have many questions for Emilia-san, but let's save those for recess... For now, let's have her take a seat. Emilia-san."

"Ah, yes."

"The empty seat at the very back by the window will be yours. Could you please take your seat there for the time being?"

Frederica-sensei spoke to the transfer student—Emilia—and pointed toward that prime real estate at the back of the classroom by the window. It was the spot everyone had expected a transfer student to occupy, so it was certainly the standard route, but—

"I understand. Then, I'll go there..."

"—I object!!"

"Eh!?"

A single shout stopped Emilia just as she was about to move according to Frederica-sensei's instructions.
The one who shouted while sharply thrusting a hand into the air was the class's number one KY—in other words, me.

I glared at the stunned transfer student, then looked away because my ears felt a bit hot, and gave a "tsk, tsk, tsk" finger wag to the exasperated Frederica-sensei.

"For a teacher like you, Delica-sensei, I think that's a bit of a poor take. Adopting a pampering attitude toward a transfer student right from the start is totally uncool!"

"I cannot simply ignore being called 'pampering,' Natsuki-kun. What exactly led to such an evaluation?"

"Isn't it obvious? It's, uh, that! The back row by the window! To just hand over that seat to a transfer student so easily—did you take a bribe from her, Delica-sensei?! Succumbing to kickbacks isn't like you at all!"

"Barusu is spouting nonsense again."

My childhood friend sitting to my front-right spat out some venom, but that's "nothing" to me right now.
I'm starting to feel the rhythm, so I intend to push through with this momentum.

I pointed my finger at the exasperated Frederica-sensei and the wide-eyed Emilia, then looked around at the entire class.

"The back row by the window is a position every student covets! If you just hand it over so easily, it makes those of us who have been Frederica-sensei's students so diligently look like fools! Right?"

"Is that so...?"

Oh no, there's less agreement with my appeal than I expected. Is my lack of preparation coming back to haunt me? The majority of the students are tilting their heads in confusion.
This is bad; if I end up just looking like a cringey guy, I'll be the only one left covered in wounds in more ways than one.

"—Hmph. There is a grain of truth in what that noisy fool says."

"Ooh?"

"Though it is a matter of little value, if a mere commoner is to be favored over me, they must show a corresponding worth, or there is no story to be told. Otherwise, even that nonsense about kickbacks would gain a sense of reality."

"No, kickbacks don't have any sense of reality, what are you saying..."

Unexpected backup arrived, but the content was so intense it made me, the one who was supposed to be helped, pull back. Priscilla, the girl with the highest combat power in class, glared at me for my comment. By the way, "combat power" here isn't about physical strength—it's about, well, her appearance. To be blunt, her feminine features' combat power. Don't press me on this!
Incidentally, Crusch is quietly estimated to have the second-highest combat power in class!

"I wouldn't go so far as to say Natsuki Subaru and Priscilla Barielle's opinions are entirely correct, but if there are dissenting voices, then perhaps it cannot be called a decision that reflects the will of the people."

"Oh my, Crusch-sama, even your profile when you're deep in thought is wonderful... But, but, I don't think those two have such profound thoughts at all-nyan."

"No, if he spoke up, there must be a decisive factor. Some reason that sets him apart from me, who simply went along with the flow."

And now Crusch-san is looking at me with an strangely expectant gaze, but to be honest, I'm mostly just winging it! I can't deny that Priscilla's unnecessary backup has made it feel even more like that!

"So, um... Subaru-kun, was it? What is it you want to do?"

"————"

However, the one who reached out to me when I felt cornered was, surprisingly, the transfer student who should have been left behind by the situation.
Looking at me as I felt a fresh shock at being called by my given name by a girl I'd just met, Emilia's amethyst eyes sharpened as she said:

"If you want that seat, should we swap? But then, that would disregard what Priscilla-san said..."

"T-That's right. It's not a problem that can be settled so easily. And naturally, my words apply to myself as well. The glory of holding that seat shouldn't be handed over, nor should it be easily obtained."

"Then...?"

"Isn't it obvious?"

In response to her question, I steered the conversation toward the conclusion I had been desperately piecing together while talking.
Then, I pointed my finger at the breathtakingly beautiful girl and declared:

"It's time for the heart-pounding, single-minded 'Great Seat Shuffle'—!!"

"—!?"

When I thrust my fist into the air and made the declaration, everyone who heard it gasped.
A few seconds of silence followed, but that paralysis was quickly broken—

"Uoooooh—! Seat shuffle! It's a seat shuffle!!"

The silence was swallowed and erased by a mysterious surge of heat.
Yes, a seat shuffle. In school life, it's a mid-scale event that feels completely different from the scheduled school calendar—almost spontaneous!

Unlike major events like Sports Day or the School Festival, which are pre-planned, the occurrence rate of this mid-scale event is heavily influenced by the teacher's whim.
Despite harboring factors that could potentially dictate the rest of one's school life, it's an event treated like a natural disaster in a city-building simulation game, triggered solely by a teacher's mood.

However, it's a gamble that creates both heaven and hell, and it's the perfect catalyst for students who are fed up with their unchanging daily lives.
And in this class, filled with natural-born festival-lovers and event-goers, its power was fully unleashed—!

"Including the transfer student, everyone will bet everything to see who gets the heaven of the back row or the hell of the front row! A battle where no redraws or swaps are allowed—that is the essence of the 'Seat Shuffle'!"

"Uoooooh! Seat shuffle! Seat shuffle! Seat shuffle!"

"A death game development where classmates who stood united against external enemies during Sports Day and the School Festival turn into enemies vying for each other's spots from this very moment!"

"Window side! Window side! Window side!"

The class's fever wouldn't cool down. Honestly, these guys always save me.
If this weren't this specific class, there's no doubt there would be a world-line where I'd be completely shunned and end up refusing to go to school!

And then, witnessing the class's bad behavior and enthusiasm, I expected the transfer student to be flustered.

"A seat shuffle... it looks so much fun."

Instead, she had her hands clasped in front of her chest, her eyes sparkling.
Surprisingly, I didn't take a hit to my reputation; if anything, I was the one surprised.

Then, seeing that the class was completely dominated by the seat shuffle mood, Frederica-sensei, the homeroom teacher and the one in charge of the first period English class, spoke up.

"I wonder how many times the first period has been ruined by a seat shuffle like this."

—I'm sorry. Since this class was formed, this is the third time in total.

△▼△▼△▼△

In short, if you ask what I wanted to do by making such a big fuss, it was simply the ulterior motive of creating an opportunity to talk to the transfer student and get a bit closer to her.
Honestly, in a class already full of beautiful girls, if you ask how much my heart can be shaken by an additional beautiful girl, it's hard for me to comment.

No, if it's shaken, it's shaken, and there's nothing I can do about it.
Of course, if you ask whether this is a case of love at first sight, that's a different story. As I've said many times, I'm used to seeing beautiful girls.

After all, my childhood friends are beautiful twin sisters, the sister who wakes me up every morning is a candidate for a super-future beauty, I know her friend who's also a cute little girl, I'm on good terms with the six beautiful sisters in the neighborhood, and my classmates are all beauties too.
What is this? Am I going to die from an overflow of beautiful girls? Anyway, my sense of "eye candy, bliss, and happiness" is already consistent.

I'm not quite sure if she resonated with me in a special way.
I don't know, but the fact that my actions to find out what I don't know led to that seat shuffle declaration earlier means I don't really understand the circuitry of my own brain either.

Anyway, after all those complicated things, the result of the seat shuffle I triggered was—

"To pull the front row like this, my luck must be at rock bottom!!"

I can only shout that while holding my head.
I brilliantly secured a position in the very front row, right in front of the teacher's podium. Unbelievable! There's a saying about a tactician being drowned by his own plot, but this time it's more like a "weird tactician being drowned by his own plot," and I have no words to defend myself.

"Even though I managed to secure a seat in the back, even if it was on the hallway side, in the last shuffle... to think it would come to this..."

"Before that, don't you have something to say to us who got dragged into the front row along with you!?"

While I was wallowing in despair, Otto, who had secured the front row seat to my left, was shouting at me.
What's with this guy? How unlucky can he be? And to blame it on someone else, how immature can a person be?

"Just accept it. This is the result of your own actions. God watches your daily conduct, and this is the result. Repent."

"Those words are such a boomerang they could take your head off! Seriously, we just did one, and then Natsuki-san had to go and mention a seat shuffle... and everyone else went along with it. I hate this class!"

Otto looked like it was the end of the world, but the other honorable casualties who pulled the front row were the Ton-Chin-Kan trio, whose daily conduct is very easy to understand.
And so, out of the six front-row seats, five were filled by boys, but the one remaining spot, the seat to my right—

"Then, I look forward to being with you again for a while, Subaru-kun."

"Rem, your luck is so incredible I'm speechless. This is the third time in a row you're right next to me. How on earth do you pull that off?"

"To use Subaru-kun's words, it's because God is watching my daily conduct... In other words, perhaps God is also cheering Rem on. This means I must put even more spirit into it."

Rem, clenching her fists in front of her chest and huffing with determination, is cute. No, she's cute, but that obsession is amazing. I wanted to record the moment she pulled the slip for the seat next to mine and her rare celebratory fist pump.

"For Rem-san, even if it's the front row, the bonus of being next to Natsuki-san makes it unshakable... I'm just devastated."

"I'm glad Otto-kun seems happy to be to Subaru-kun's left as well. Honestly, Rem would like to switch places."

"What's the point of a seat shuffle that just swaps left and right around Natsuki-san?"

"I'm used to watching Subaru-kun's right side, so I thought it might be fresh to watch him from the left for a change."

"This person's way of thinking is way too intense!"

Otto was being cornered by Rem's usual rhetoric, but to me, who's used to hearing it, it felt like Rem was actually holding back. Rem's usual pushiness isn't at this level. She's usually much more aggressive. I don't even know what drives her.

Anyway, having familiar faces on both sides is a win for me. My condolences to Ton-Chin-Kan, but I don't fall asleep during class, so being in the front doesn't bother me. If anything, I feel sorry for the teachers of each subject who have to deal with me.

"And as for the original purpose of the seat shuffle..."

I leaned back, making my chair creak, and looked at the seat behind me—well, skipping two rows to the very center of the class.
Sitting there was the silver-haired girl, the transfer student, Emilia.
Whether it was good luck or bad, the one who pulled the seat in the dead center of the class was her. Position-wise, it's a bit of a mixed bag, but being left in the middle without a single acquaintance would be uncomfortable.

It's a bit late now, but I feel a cold sweat realizing Frederica-sensei's consideration in giving her the back corner, yet she's lucky.
After all, the people around her are who they are.

"Hey, transfer student... Emilia-chan, right?"

"Wahya!"

In response to the voice from behind, Emilia let out a sound that didn't quite fit a fragile beauty.
Considering she was keen on the seat shuffle, she might actually have a surprisingly active personality.

When the startled Emilia turned around, she saw a cat-ear headband and a smile that was far too calculating. Ferris, known for having the highest "girl power" in the class—or perhaps the entire grade—scooped up Emilia's silver hair from behind and savored its texture with slender fingers.

"You don't have to be so nervous, I won't eat you, so don't worry-nyan. I'm Ferris, feel free to call me Ferri-chan."

"A-Ah, thank you. Yes, nice to meet you, Ferri-chan."

"Wow, it's fresh to be accepted so easily. This looks like it'll be fun... right, Crusch-sama?"

"Yes, indeed."

In response to Ferris's words, Crusch-san, who was to Emilia's right, nodded.
The beautiful woman, with an air of dignity, glanced at Emilia and gave a handsome smile, her lips softening.

"I am Crusch. I've been entrusted with the role of Student Council President. Like Ferris, feel free to rely on me if you need anything."

"The Student Council President! I'm so surprised. Even though it's a co-ed school, the president is a woman..."

"Heh, you might get tripped up if you judge by appearances. There are many wonders in this world. Even I might actually be something else, despite how I look."

"...Is that so?"

Crusch-san was using a rare teasing tone, but since her hidden large breasts were resting on her crossed arms, her words had zero persuasiveness.
She probably thought she was being clever by hinting at Ferris's gender, but because she can't objectively see her own charm, it felt like she completely missed the mark. She's almost perfect, but she's really hopeless in that one area.

"That's Crusch-sama's cutest point, though!"

"Don't read my mind when I didn't even say it out loud!?"

I was genuinely startled by Ferris snapping at me, wondering how much of my inner thoughts were visible.
Regardless, with the top two of the Student Council around Emilia, there should be zero problems. They're good-natured people, so she shouldn't end up isolated.

"Well, at least that's a good thing."

"You're being quite condescending, Barusu. —Even though there are so many victims who suffered heart-wounds from this seat shuffle."

The one who overheard my mutterings and narrowed her eyes was Ram, who had quietly secured the spot behind Rem. Her point isn't wrong, but aside from Ton-Chin-Kan, no one else really had a terrible time...

"Look at that."

"I knew that would happen."

Ram pointed with her gaze toward the back seat on the hallway side. Felt was slumped over her desk, completely defeated.
As the first one to draw, Felt had a great start by pulling a back row seat, but her joy was short-lived. Why?

"Hi, Felt. I'm glad to be next to you again."

"God died right in front of me."

Just as I'd feared at the shoe lockers, Reinhard had brilliantly pulled the seat next to Felt.
Like Rem, it feels like the results of the seat shuffle draws are often dictated by sheer obsession. Since I'm not really on Felt's or Reinhard's side, I'll just contentedly watch their game of cat and mouse from the sidelines.

By the way, just as a side note.
The back row seat by the window, which was the catalyst for this seat shuffle, ended up with the person who was meant to have it, or something like that.

"This world is indeed made for my convenience."

The one lounging arrogantly in the back seat, looking very satisfied, was none other than the young lady Priscilla.
It was quite a draw—or rather, the way she brilliantly pulled one of the few remaining seats at the very end made it seem like her boast wasn't an exaggeration. However—

"Then, is it also a convenient event that you're right next to me?"

Beside Priscilla was Anastasia, making a comment that sounded like she was grandly tripping her up. The two are known for being like cats and dogs, and having gone from sitting front-to-back to being side-by-side, it seems the sparks between them are only going to intensify.

"Hmph... the vixen is noisy. To go so far as to want to spoil my mood, I never imagined your obsession ran so deep."

"Could you stop talking like I aimed for this seat? In the first place, I pulled this seat before you pulled yours. If you don't like it, it's your own fault."

"What a tireless tongue. How ridiculous."

Priscilla pushed back with few words, but this time it seemed like a draw.
Since Julius, the one who usually puts a stop to their fruitless arguments, was unfortunately seated far away from them, there was no way to stop it. Let's hope for their rationality.

"And with that, the seat shuffle is successfully over. It turned out a bit different from what I aimed for, but as always, it was a brilliant judgment, Delica-sensei."

"Please stop acting as if I were the one leading this seat shuffle. More importantly, we've once again eaten into the end of the class time."

"Don't worry. Even if the lesson is delayed, our class is full of people with the talent to rank high through self-study. Plus, your makeup classes are easy to understand, Delica-sensei!"

"It's a problem that you don't think 'not having makeup classes' is the best option."

Frederica-sensei rubbed her brow with a troubled look. She's still young, so it's worrying if that kind of gesture starts looking so natural on her.

"Rem, you think so too, right?"

"Yes, that's right. This way, even if Subaru-kun falls asleep during class, I'm in the perfect position to wipe away his drool."

"Your conversation definitely isn't syncing up, is it!?"

Well, ending things like that is the usual custom.
Though Otto being a bit too convenient is a thing.

△▼△▼△▼△

After all that, once the class ended, recess was the customary time for questions.
When it comes to transfer students, being bombarded with questions during recess is a form of aesthetic beauty. And if the transfer student is a beautiful girl, it's practically a given that people will dig into whether she has a boyfriend or her history with guys!

"I see, so Emilia transferred from that Pristella Girls' Academy."

"Yes, that's right. Because of family circumstances, we had to move here... My uniform isn't ready yet, so I'm wearing the uniform from my old school. I was really worried I'd stand out in a bad way."

"N-nyo, you don't need to worry. It suits you well, and it's very cute. But a uniform like this is nice-nyan... It would look good on Crusch-sama."

"Crusch-san would look good, but wouldn't it suit you too, Ferri-chan?"

"Eh, really? Then, do you want to try swapping later?"

I wanted to rush in and join the questioning, but the Student Council duo was an impregnable fortress. While picking up on the atmosphere of other classmates wanting to ask questions, they brilliantly and smoothly handled the Q&A. It was so smooth that I even forgot to interject about the topic of Ferris and Emilia swapping uniforms.

Of course, I know Ferris has no ulterior motives. There's no way Ferris would use those looks to look at girls with impure intentions. Ferris's gaze is always dreamily fixed on Crusch-san, but how that inner heart works to maintain their relationship is a mystery. I really don't get it.

"But, transferring from a girls' academy... is this your first time at a co-ed school? Are you confused by the different way things are done?"

"I might be, a little. Um...?"

"Reinhard van Astrea. Just Reinhard is fine."

And there, our very own Reinhard-san jumped in without any hesitation.
With a refreshingness that would make a breeze flinch and avoid him, Reinhard easily blended into the girls' talk—though technically it wasn't a girls' talk since Ferris was there.

"I understand, Reinhard. But how did you know it was my first time at a co-ed school?"

"Pristella Girls' Academy provides integrated education from elementary through high school. I thought you might never have shared a classroom with boys before."

"That's true, but you're very well-informed."

"It's a school in the same prefecture, and I'm occasionally approached by the female students there."

To be hit on by girls from a girls' academy who shouldn't have immunity to men—Reinhard-san really is amazing.
Emilia was surprised too, so it seems the unexpected assertiveness of those female students isn't something usually displayed. Hmm, handsome guys are terrifying.

"I understand the feeling, but we shouldn't bombard her with questions. Rather, if Emilia has any anxieties, we'll listen. Is there anything?"

"Um, then, I'd like to ask about club activities. At my old school, I was in something like a handicrafts club, and I was thinking I'd like to continue that at this school too."

"—Handicrafts club, I see."

Suddenly, Crusch-san narrowed her eyes at Emilia's question.
When Emilia looked anxious at that reaction, Crusch-san said "Sorry" while shaking her head.

"It just seemed quite fateful that the name of the handicrafts club would come up here. Though, perhaps it was better than hearing the name of the home economics club."

"Ah, the home economics club would be fine too. I just want to be involved in that kind of thing..."

"Whoa there, hold on, young lady. —I'd be in trouble if you lumped the handicrafts club and the home economics club together."

I clapped my hands loudly to draw attention and made a dashing entrance.
Who? Me.

Emilia's shoulders jumped, and Crusch-san and Ferris looked at each other. In the midst of that, Reinhard, in his usual tone, raised a hand.

"Certainly, Subaru is the right person to talk about the issues between those two clubs."

"Yeah, after all, I'm an indispensable factor in the history of the feud between those two clubs..."

"Indispensable factor..."

Emilia's pronunciation was a bit shaky, as if she were hearing the term for the first time, but I ignored it and joined the conversation. To have the topic of the handicrafts club come up here—it seems heaven is on my side.
After all, I'm a member of the handicrafts club!!

"About this school's handicrafts club, the one in charge is our homeroom teacher, Delica-sensei. In other words, the teacher with the scary face and kind eyes from earlier."

"Isn't that a bit rude to say... but if that's the case, it might be easy to talk to her, which helps."

"However! The one in charge of the home economics club, which is in an overwhelming state of conflict with Frederica-sensei's handicrafts club, is the math teacher, Clind-sensei! The feud between those two, known to be like cats and dogs, is long and deep, and it continues so fiercely that it's reshaping the power map of the cultural clubs within the school!"

"I-I see... but why is that a problem? It's a bit of an issue if the clubs don't get along, but if I just choose which one to join..."

"That's because, depending on which one you choose, blatant personal feelings will affect how you're treated."

"They judge based on personal feelings!?"

Emilia's eyes widened in surprise at the unexpectedly immature ruling.
That's right. Frederica-sensei and Clind-sensei are usually teachers overflowing with compassion and good character, but when they get involved with each other, that completely changes.
If someone appears to favor the other, they will use all the power they have to crush them.

"Doesn't that become a problem?"

"Of course it's a huge problem. But they both have teaching skills that more than make up for it. That's why it's overlooked... I wouldn't go so far as to say that, but there's a proper workaround."

"To tell the truth, Natsuki Subaru is one of those who practices it."

The "Tiger-Hawk Problem" between the Golden Tiger 'Frederica' and the Night Hawk 'Clind' is an unavoidable issue when attending Lugnica Academy. Therefore, a symptomatic treatment has been established.
The method is simple. After all, I'm also a member of the home economics club!

"Um, what does that mean exactly?"

"If you favor one, it'll upset the other, so you join both to keep the peace."

"...Is that okay?"

"As long as you're putting effort into the activities, it's not a problem. Of course, they won't complain if you focus on making something for the handicrafts club's exhibition, and a kid with skills in food, clothing, and shelter across the board is easier to employ."

"What kind of evaluation is 'food, clothing, and shelter'?"

Mending, cooking, and cleaning, I suppose.
Anyway, it's wise to dodge the issue like that. If you fail to do this, you'll face a miserable fate, so it's a point that requires particular caution for new students.

"Well, it's best to secure two club application forms. As a member of both the handicrafts and home economics clubs, I welcome a new member."

"Ah, Subaru-kun is in both too. That's... um, unexpected?"

"I can really feel how you chose your words carefully-nyan. Subaru-kyun, don't get depressed."

"Shut up."

Ferris nudged my shoulder with a grin, so I pushed back against his forehead.
I'm aware it's a hobby that doesn't match my face, so it doesn't bother me even if it's pointed out now, seriously. More than that, the fact that the beautiful transfer student might join the same club is a bigger deal to me.

"In this class, Rem is the only one in the same club as me."

"In Rem-san's case, she seems to have mastered so many things that there's no need for her to join a club at school."

"You... don't say it just because you've noticed."

When I warned Reinhard for saying something unnecessary, he shrugged like an actor in a Western movie. It looked so good on him that there was nothing I could do.
Behind him, Ferris and Crusch-san leaned their heads together.

"He's a hopeless guy-nyan. He should experience something painful for once."

"Don't say that, Ferris. If the Student Council, which protects the peace of the students' daily lives, does that, it would undermine our essence. Ram will probably speak up for us anyway."

"I see, as expected of Crusch-sama, a tactician...!"

Shut up, damn it.
The Student Council pair, showing off how close they are, and me with a bitter face. Then, Emilia, who was slightly left behind by the class's usual antics, looked troubled.
Reflecting on my unfriendly attitude toward the transfer student, I suddenly had an idea.

"Right, about the club, but... if you'd like, should I show you around the school? Or rather, shall I?"

A school tour for the transfer student! Yes, this is a so-called trope!
A transfer student who gets bombarded with questions during recess and gets a school tour after school. A school tour isn't really necessary, it's not like it's a massive school! I have that feeling too, but I can just throw all that away.

"A school tour? You'll give me one?"

"Yeah, absolutely! In fact, I want to! I'd even like to ask you! I want to give you a school tour! That's why I came here today!"

"Sorry. I don't really get what you're saying."

She seemed keen, so I thought I could go for it if I was assertive, but I was brushed off.
But I won't give up. I'll find a way, somehow.

"Wait, Subaru. It's no use forcing it."

"Oh, you're going to interfere, Reinhard? Don't tell me you're going to offer to do it instead. If you say that, honestly, I won't have any way to argue back and I'll have to give up."

"I wouldn't mind escorting her. Unfortunately, I have plans after school today. So, I think it would be better if it were more casual, between girls."

"Well, that makes sense too, but..."

At Reinhard's suggestion, I was in a position to back down. Basically, Reinhard only acts out of goodwill, and since he pushes with sound logic, it's hard to argue.
I couldn't complain about the flow of a girl giving the tour.
Seeing me back off, Reinhard gave a "Right?" and a wink, then—

"Then, Felt. I'd like to ask you, how about it?"

"Like I'd know—!!"

He called out to Felt, who hadn't joined the conversation at all and was slumped over her desk, trying to sleep until the next period.
She seemed to be asleep, but apparently she had a bad feeling and couldn't quite drift off. Felt glared at Reinhard with a displeased face.

"Like I'd know! What does it have to do with me! I had a bad feeling and then this! You really never do anything good!"

"Don't be so cold as to say it has nothing to do with you. Aren't you two going to be friends learning in the same class from now on? Besides, Felt, have you forgotten that you're the class representative?"

"That was decided without my permission on a day I was off helping Old Man Rom!"

Felt's anger didn't easily subside against Reinhard's logical arguments.
By the way, it's a true story that Felt is the class representative. Since Crusch-san, the Student Council President, is here, Crusch-san handles almost all the practical work, but in terms of title, Felt is the top of the class in name and reality.

"And I heard you're the one who stubbornly pushed that role onto me! What's the deal, hey!?"

"I did it for your own good. It's true you find many things troublesome, but if given a suitable position, you'll flourish... that's what I believe."

"Mind your own business! Are you my parent or something!?"

"If possible, I wouldn't mind deepening a bond even greater than that of a parent."

"Drop dead!"

This is what happens when the most handsome guy in the school—and the prefecture—pursues her so intensely. Felt's iron will is amazing, but Reinhard, who doesn't get discouraged despite being told all that, is also quite something.

"Unfortunately, Felt turned me down. But please don't misunderstand her. She's actually a very caring girl. She just seems to be in a bit of a bad mood today."

"I-Is that how it was... Yes, I understand. Thank you."

I don't recall ever seeing an event that showed Felt's warm consideration for Reinhard, but Emilia seemed to have given up on pointing that out.
Emilia then turned back to Crusch-san and the others with a troubled face.

"That's how it is, but how about you two after school? Do you have plans?"

"I'd love to accompany you, but Student Council work is piling up. If you don't mind waiting a bit, it's possible, but we might be late getting home."

"And it might be scary with three girls on a dark road home-nyan."

Ferris was acting as if he were one of the girls, but the flow was completely in my direction. Emilia dropped her shoulders in disappointment, saying "Then I guess it can't be helped."

"Then, I'll give up on the school tour for today..."

"Wait, wait, wait, wait! Me! I'm here! I'll do it!"

Why was I dropped from the candidates!?
I was surprised by the unexpected snub and volunteered, but even Emilia looked blankly at me.

"Eh, Subaru-kun, you'll show me around?"

"I was saying it so much! Eh, is my character that weak? Did I only have enough impact to be forgotten in the middle of that exchange?"

That evaluation is quite a shock. I don't like to say it myself, but I thought I was the type who often left a bad impression on people!

"No, it's not that..."

Seeing me flustered, Emilia furrowed her brows thoughtfully.
As expected, a beautiful girl looks good even when she's a bit troubled, but I'm used to beautiful girls, so I won't be flustered by that. Sometimes Rem is even more defenseless and even more amazing.

"—Yes. Then, I'll leave it to you, Subaru-kun. Please show me around the school after school."

With a bow that seemed like it should have a "peko" sound effect, Emilia bowed her head to me formally. Of course, I gladly accepted.

"————"

Why is it that Emilia's gaze is strangely tragic?

△▼△▼△▼△

"I have a promise with Sister after school, so I absolutely... absolutely cannot be with you, but you mustn't be rude to Emilia-san, Subaru-kun. Even if you act with your usual rhythm, Rem and Otto-kun won't be there. So please, please...!"

"You don't have to worry like I'm a dog off its leash!"

After school, as soon as I mentioned the school tour for Emilia, Rem pleaded with me in a panic, so I could only give a wry smile.
Apparently, Rem is helping with the cleaning at the novelist Roswaal-san's house as an assistant to Ram. By the way, it was mentioned in passing, but Rem's domestic skills—cooking, sewing, cleaning, and laundry—are already at a level that could fully withstand a housewife's life.

In the home economics club, Rem is likely the only one so far to have obtained a master's certification from the strict Clind-sensei in all fields. While she might lose to specialists in specific areas, Rem's skill as an all-rounder is known throughout the school.
That being the case, it was a perfectly natural flow for Ram, a sister who thinks nothing of borrowing her younger sister's strength, to request her cooperation to show her best side to the person she's interested in.

"I don't think I can do anything about Barusu's mating season now, but I'll never forgive you if you do anything to make Rem sad."

"Stop treating me like a dog whose wedge of reason has come off!"

"Shut up, for a Barusu."

"Gwah!"

Ram delivered an incredibly powerful low kick, leaving me groaning as she took Rem away.
Until the very end, Rem was worried about me, but when I waved her off while sweating from the pain, she managed to leave, though she kept looking back.

"Uooo, Ram's low kick is dangerous...! She struck the back of my knee with pinpoint accuracy. Is her lower body built differently...!?"

Ram, who has quite healthy tastes, is surprisingly good at moving her body. Since she doesn't come close to Rem in terms of "girl power" barometers, she probably tried to develop in a different field, and that was the result.
Among the girls, she boasts some of the best athletic ability in the prefecture and is a female athlete who is active as a ringer for various clubs. Because of that, the power of the kicks released from her trained lower body is extraordinary.

"Seriously, I have a feeling I'd lose in a fistfight. ...Well, I feel like I've already lost as a man the moment I'm in a fistfight with a girl."

"Who's in a fistfight with who?"

"No, a girl and a boy going at it head-on is—whoa!?"

A beautiful girl startled me from behind while I was muttering to myself. When I hurriedly turned around, I saw Emilia, who was surprised by my reaction.
She rounded her large eyes and put a hand to her chest.

"Oh, my. You gave me quite a start."

"I haven't heard 'gave me a start' in ages..."

She occasionally slips in those dead words.
Whether she noticed the lukewarmness of my gaze or not, Emilia put her hands on her hips and puffed out her cheeks cutely.

"Don't startle me when I'm just talking to you."

"No, I just happened to be lost in thought, sorry."

"Lost in thought... were you thinking about something dangerous?"

"Not at all! It wasn't dangerous. Just a bit about Ram's lower body."

"...I see."

I feel like I chose the wrong words.
The source of my premonition was Emilia taking a step back and the drop in temperature in her gaze.

As an aside, since everyone in the class had finished their self-introductions during the seat shuffle, depending on Emilia's memory, she should have a perfect grasp of everyone's faces and names. Since Ram's name is clearly a girl's name, it's obvious.

"However, neither of them, having just met, could have known what meaning that would bring in the future..."

"Sorry. I don't really get what you're saying."

At that point, Emilia suddenly let out an exasperated sigh.
I wonder what that is. It's something people who talk to me often do.

"Subaru-kun, are you always like that?"

"I wonder. I think there's a goodness in today's me, yesterday's me, and tomorrow's me. By delivering a different me every day, I want to constantly give everyone a fresh impression."

"So, could you start by showing me the handicrafts club room?"

"This feeling of being completely ignored isn't actually that bad."

The reactions of Rem, who responds to everything politely, or Otto, who overreacts to everything, are beautiful, but this is also something.
Anyway, since I was asked, I'll answer.

"Then, let's head straight to the handicrafts club room... the activity area, the sewing room."

—And so, my school exploration with Emilia began.
Not that incidents were frequently occurring, or that Frederica-sensei and Clind-sensei happened to clash and start the 'Tiger-Hawk War.'

Following the basics, I showed her various special classrooms, the cafeteria, the gym, the library, and the old school building, carrying out the mission without a hitch.

"And this way is the old school building. The new building is made of stone, but the old building still has some wooden parts, so it has a bit of a Showa-era feel, which I recommend for cooling off."

"Cooling off? You mean like scary stories?"

"Actually, the Seven Wonders of Lugnica Academy are a trope, but they do exist. The old building is old and the wood creaks, so when the sports clubs stay overnight for summer camp, you can often hear ghost stories, which is interesting."

"Hmm, I see. Ghosts, huh."

"Unexpected. I thought you'd be scared."

Up to this point, it had been an escort of less than an hour, but from talking to her, Emilia seemed to have a slightly childish side.
Her appearance is quite refined—or rather, she has an older-sisterly vibe—but because her inside is childish, she has a strangely forbidden charm. Good job.

And because of that, it was unexpected that she didn't seem scared of ghost stories. I wouldn't go so far as to say she'd cover her ears and run back to the new building, though.

"...Is it a problem if I'm not scared?"

"It's not a problem, but if this were a haunted house and I were a part-timer playing a ghost and you were a customer, I'd want you to be scared."

Or rather, even though I mentioned ghost stories, the women I know have such strong resistance to that kind of thing that it's not even worth talking about.
Beako is probably the only one close to me who would honestly be scared by a ghost story.

"Also, actually, Ram."

"Eh?"

"No, just talking to myself. If she found out I told you, she'd probably be mad."

Surprisingly, the one who is completely hopeless with ghost stories is Ram, who doesn't seem like the type to let her heart be shaken by such things. Conversely, Rem is perfectly fine with ghosts and can watch a slasher movie while eating a hamburger.
It must be a humiliating memory for Ram that she went to see a romance movie with her sister and spent two hours clinging to me, who was between them.

"After all, she hit me a lot to make me forget..."

I'm acting as if I've forgotten, but if she knew I remembered, my life might be in danger.
It's also bad as a childhood friend to go around telling people Ram's weaknesses.

"Well, you probably won't go to the old building much. Besides, the entrance is probably locked after school."

"Ah, you're right. It's already locked."

From the new building to the old building, it's a single path via a connecting corridor.
While feeling the wind at the end of spring, I idly watched Emilia's silver hair sway as she tried to open the sliding door.

"Ha! I mustn't."

"—?"

While I was idly watching, Emilia suddenly turned around and startled me.
Emilia stood with her back to the door and gave me a slightly wary look. But since I was just standing there, she could only tilt her head.

"Did something happen?"

"...N-Nothing. It's nothing, right?"

"No, I'm the one who wants to ask. —Wait."

While feeling a reaction that was hard to place, I suddenly looked up.
What slid into my ears was a sequence of sounds falling from the upper floors of the new building—well, if I'm not being fancy, it was a melody.

"Wow, whose performance is that?"

Noticing the melody just like I did, Emilia looked up at the sky defenselessly. Holding down her hair as it swayed in the wind, her figure listening to the music was truly a sight to behold.
I secretly stole a glance at her and said:

"What you're hearing is the performance of our music teacher, Liliana-chan. After school, she goes around raiding the light music club and the brass band club."

"Heh, a music teacher... Liliana-chan?"

"Her appearance and usual attitude don't have much dignity, so she's watched over warmly by all the students like a pet."

People call her 'The genius who would have ended up as a mere idiot if music didn't exist in this world.'
In her words, actions, attitude, and life, she shows a lightness that is far beyond the ordinary, and she's an adult who would have surely died in a ditch if she didn't have her outstanding musical talent.

"She begs students for food. She's late for class. She fishes for the principal's carp. She comes to school in the same jersey for five days... that's the kind of person she is."

"B-But, this performance is very good?"

"That's right. That's why her existence is permitted."

"You go as far as to say 'existence'!?"

Emilia, who hasn't seen her directly yet, might not understand the threat of that existence.
No, seriously, she's just a small animal with a good face, voice, and performance. If she didn't have that talent, she might have been treated as a pest ruining the fields.

"People were saying she wouldn't have anyone to take her in at this rate, but recently she apparently hooked some young master after raiding some music festival... everyone thinks, 'So this is what a genius who lives off a single talent is like.'"

"I-Isn't that a wonderful story? Look, um, she kept doing what she loved and found happiness! Right?"

"I wonder?"

Honestly, I'm not sure about that either. When I try to press Liliana-chan on the matter, she runs away, and if I make a mistake, she'll turn me into a song.
And it'll be an incredibly good song, so if a song with my name in it starts being sung around town, I'll die of shame.

"Anyway, enough about the fruitless Liliana-chan... For now, I guess we've seen most of the noteworthy places."

"...I see."

While still listening to the performance, Emilia muttered strangely sadly.
At the tone of her voice, I became even more confused.

Because, just a moment ago, she seemed a bit wary of me, but as soon as the tour was about to end, she suddenly became sad.
It's not just a matter of 'a woman's heart is like an autumn sky,' it's too difficult.

It's strange; I should have had a fair amount of experience with beautiful girls, but it was just a high frequency with a low amount of data.

*'Big brother, stop treating me like a child already!'*
*'As expected, Rem is impressed. Subaru-kun is wonderful.'*
*'Barusu, I'll give you three minutes.'*

A "Beautiful Girl Wooden Dummy" fight took place in my brain, but the result was quite subtle.
Without knowing the cause of Emilia's melancholy expression, I racked my brain and thought of something.

"There's still one place I haven't shown you."

Yes, it's a place considered a 'sanctuary' of sorts in this school.
That place is—

△▼△▼△▼△

"This is one of the hidden famous spots of Lugnica Academy, the 'Ogre's Flower Garden'."

"Wa-ah."

The moment I showed her that place, Emilia's expression brightened instantly.
Until then, she had been dragging her melancholy, her eyes downcast somewhat fragilely, but the sparkle in them changed completely as she was captivated by the sight before her.

Behind the school building as dusk approached, there was a fairly large flowerbed.
Honestly, it was large enough that "flower field" might be a more accurate description than "flowerbed." It was different from a professional setup with greenhouses, but securing this much land for a flowerbed was quite a luxury.

And that flowerbed was now in full bloom with colorful flowers.
The warm spring weather of the past few days had worked in its favor. The blooming flowers swayed gently in the wind, as if welcoming us.

"With the vermilion of the sunset mixed in, I've delivered it with a bit of romance."

Beside the speechless Emilia, I gave a theatrical bow.
By the way, that gesture was an imitation of the most theatrical guy I know. I don't like to say it myself, but I feel like I traced it quite well.

"————"

In silence, Emilia slowly turned toward me.
I lowered my head in a bow and opened one eye to gauge her reaction. Or rather, if there isn't some kind of comeback, my theatrical circuitry is going to reach critical mass and burn out.
A fierce battle between my sense of shame and myself played out, and finally, it exploded—

"—Thank you, Subaru-kun."

"Oh."

Smiling, Emilia said that to me.
Her silver hair shimmered in the sunset, and I was captivated by how it sparkled.

A smile, and a beautiful girl in a flower field at sunset.
That was enough to make my heart throb with an inexplicable impulse.
And then—

"Now then, let's begin."

"Eh?"

In front of the frozen me, Emilia suddenly took on a serious expression.
Then she slowly raised both hands, which had been clasped behind her back, and took a fighting pose that anyone could recognize.
And then, with a strangely tragic face, she said to the dumbfounded me:

"C-Come on, bring it on! I won't lose!"

For some reason, she was challenging me to a real fight.

"————"

That reaction was more than just unexpected; it wasn't even on that level. It wasn't a matter of being unforeseen; where on earth was the foreshadowing for that?
Is this girl a grappler?

"No, what happened, how did it come to this, and who wanted this flow!?"

I think there's a misunderstanding, but I have no idea what the cause is, so I could only stomp my feet in frustration at something invisible.

In the distant sky, I could still faintly hear Liliana-chan's performance—

△▼△▼△▼△

When I listened to Emilia, who hadn't dropped her combat stance, it turned out to be like this.

"Um, we had homeroom, right? First you mentioned a seat shuffle and stopped me from taking my seat, and after that you tried to scare me with the club activities... so I thought for sure you didn't like me, Subaru-kun."

"And you thought I called you out to give you a lesson in such a roundabout way!? My goodwill was thought of like that!?"

"I-I thought it was a bit strange, you know? Even though you seemed angry, you showed me around properly, and our talk was a bit interesting, so I was sad that it was decided we'd end up in a fight..."

"That tragic feeling was because of that! There are so many surprising points in this exchange that my heart is full!"

Can it be settled by saying she was an innocent, sheltered girl from a girls' academy?
Rather, the idea of a girl from a girls' academy coming to the backyard prepared to fight a boy is much darker! How and why did it turn out like that?

"You also muttered something about having a fistfight with a girl named Ram..."

"Right! I did! I said that! It's my fault! Bad me! Bad me!"

I slapped the thigh where Ram had kicked me and reflected on my careless remark.
I see, looking back, there might have been various parts that encouraged the misunderstanding. I wonder if there were.

"By any chance, was the thing about the Seven Wonders of Lugnica Academy also like that?"

"...I thought you were trying to take the lead by scaring me."

"My laws of girls' academies are being disturbed. What, do you have to live in such an environment where you can't survive without being prepared for constant battle?"

If that's the case, I want to pay close attention to Beatrice's future schools. I want Beatrice to grow up freely and healthily. If she becomes a toddler with a samurai spirit, the relationships in the house will get awkward.

"Anyway! I didn't have that kind of intention. Seriously, it was just a tour."

"...But why did you persist so much in showing me around?"

"Mu, that's, well. It's what you call an 'undermind'."

"—?"

I meant 'ulterior motive' (shitagokoro), but I'm not sure how much of that was my true feeling. Of course, I'm not lying about wanting to get closer to a cute girl.
More simply, I just wanted to confirm the identity of that movement in my heart when I first saw Emilia.
And as for whether I was able to confirm that through this escort, it's a bit difficult.

"To summarize, I wanted to get along with you. I wanted to get along and know what kind of girl you are, and I wanted you to know about me. That's all."

"————"

"Did I not summarize it well?"

Since there was no reply from Emilia, I asked anxiously. Originally, I'm not good at summarizing things. I have a habit of talking and talking, and summarizing while I talk. So, I'm not sure if it's summarized well.

"...Yes, I understand."

"Right, you understand."

"That I was a huge idiot, and that you're quite an idiot too, Subaru-kun."

"If we talk about my idiotic points, there are a lot of things to reflect on."

What is the biggest point of deduction? Just discussing that would likely lead to many conflicting theories.
When I scratched my head like that, Emilia couldn't help but start laughing. That smile was a natural one, different from any of her expressions that had been strangely tense until now.

Well, since she was prepared for a fistfight until the end, I don't know how much a natural smile would come out.

"Well, a lot happened, but if you're satisfied, then that's the most important thing."

"Yes, I'm very satisfied. Thank you so much for everything, Subaru-kun."

"Don't mention it. ...More importantly, let's leave here quickly now that we're done."

"Eh?"

I got a smile from Emilia, and I was satisfied with that, so I suggested a retreat. At those words, Emilia looked surprised. She seemed a bit reluctant to leave and looked at the flowerbed beside her.

"Um, I'd like to look a bit more, is that okay?"

"I'm about to succumb to that plea right now, but a warning bell is ringing in me saying 'it's not that simple, baby.' Of course, I'm not being mean. There's a proper reason. It's because this is a 'hidden famous spot'."

"Ah, not a famous spot, but a hidden famous spot."

That's right, things have a front and a back, and the images associated with the back should be quite dark compared to the front.
And the same goes for this 'Lugnica Academy Hidden Famous Spot.'

"Don't tell me there's a scary story about this flower field too...?"

"Nyope, it's completely separate from the Seven Wonders of Lugnica Academy. Well, in a way, it might be terrifying. But before I talk about that, first let's..."

It was just before I was about to take Emilia out of there.
That voice came from behind the two of us, all of a sudden.

"—Oh, it's rare to see students here at this time after school."

"————"

That low voice, accompanied by a certain depth, sent a cold sweat down my back.
I couldn't move at the voice that came from behind me. Behind me means, in other words, directly in front of Emilia, who was facing me.
She could see the face of the person who had spoken. Emilia was already captured by the other party. And she, of all things, directed a smile at that person—

"Ah, Principal. Did you come to see the flowerbed too, Principal?"

She said that.
To the principal of this school, Wilhelm van Astrea!

"And you are... yes, the transfer student, Emilia-san. Today was your first day, how was the school?"

"Yes, there were many very interesting things. And Subaru-kun over there showed me around the school."

"Ho ho, is that so."

My name was leaked from the mouth of the friendly Emilia.
A firm, thick palm gently tapped the shoulder of the frozen me. And right beside me, I saw a familiar elderly man—no, the face of the Principal.

"It is a good thing to be kind to young ladies. That is what makes a young man."

"H-Haha, it's not that big a deal. No, really. Well, it's about time, so we'll be going..."

"Principal, do you know who takes care of this flowerbed? I was so moved that I really wanted to know."

"Emilia-san!?"

I was so desperate I even used '-san.' That choice was the absolute worst.
Emilia was surprised by my cry, but the Principal laughed bashfully and said:

"It's not such a grand thing. It's just a flowerbed I started as a hobby with my amateur knowledge. I'm honored you'd say that, though."

"You take care of it, Principal! Wow, amazing!"

The Principal looked even more bashful at the moved Emilia. That sight alone was heartwarming. Yes, it was certainly a heartwarming sight.
However, the problem starts here.

"In the first place, gardening isn't really my hobby, but my wife's."

"Does your wife like flowers?"

"Yes, she loves flowers beyond measure. On the other hand, I didn't really have any hobbies. Seeing me like that, my wife told me: why not try growing flowers at the school? This is the result."

"What a wonderful story..."

Emilia was listening intently to the 'Secret Story of the Birth of the Backyard Flowerbed' told by the Principal.
Since it had come to this, I had already made up my mind.
We were caught.

"At first I thought it would be simple, but gardening is surprisingly deep. The mood of the flowers is different not just for each type, but for each individual bloom. My wife even tells me to do it carefully, as if I were trying to put her in a good mood."

"She sounds like a wonderful wife."

"Yes, she is a wife far too good for me. It's a sight to see her frolicking like she's young again when I bring her here on my days off..."

Perhaps because Emilia was a good listener, the Principal's passion for the conversation wouldn't stop.
It wouldn't stop—or rather, to be blunt, his passion for his wife wouldn't stop.

"Right, right, come to think of it—"
"My wife at that time was..."
"I was still young then..."
"But even those parts were charming..."

△▼△▼△▼△

"The sun has completely set..."

"Yeah. ...I thought it would turn out like that."

Emilia and I were walking side-by-side along the night road home after school.
It had been about three hours since our encounter with the Principal in the backyard flowerbed. Emilia looked apologetic as she glanced at my exhausted face.

"Um, sorry, okay? Because I asked the Principal so many questions."

"No, it's fine. The moment we encountered the Principal there, that fate was unavoidable. The Principal's bragging about his wife is the biggest reason why that magnificent flowerbed, as a 'hidden famous spot,' can't be opened to the public."

A seed of bragging that continues endlessly and springs up without limit.
People call it the 'Golden Time Lover Requiem.' Like me.

In short, that flower field is a flowerbed that Principal Wilhelm van Astrea, a super-devoted husband, built with all his heart for his wife.
If you show up at school on a Saturday or Sunday for club activities, you can occasionally run into the Principal spending time there happily with his wife.

"But be careful, because the wife is even tougher. Her bragging power is twice... no, three times as strong as the Principal's."

"And they're a tag team, aren't they..."

"Yeah, that's how it is."

Emilia nodded seriously, finally understanding the threat.
Principal Wilhelm and his wife aren't bad people at all, but they seem to have eyes only for each other, so the heartburn is no joke.

In the end, we were held back until later than the club members went home, and we ended up walking home together on the night road like this.

"He says it's a young man's duty to see a young lady home safely."

"Will you see me home safely?"

"If you can accept the risk of me knowing where you live."

"That's fine. Because you won't try to hit me or anything, right, Subaru-kun?"

"I can't promise that, because I might give you a comeback. In just a few hours after school, I've already grasped your level of airheadedness."

I'll just say that her personality is quite something, as expected of someone in Frederica's class. After that, if she's rubbed by that intensity and still doesn't fade, she'll be a fine Lugnica Academy student.

"But... fufu, ah, that was fun."

While I was nodding like a master, Emilia, who was walking beside me, laughed brilliantly and said that.
She swung her bag and looked up at the stars scattered here and there in the sky.

"I haven't been out this late before, and there were so many things I didn't know, it all felt so fresh."

"Novelty and freshness are different, so if you mistake them, it's a problem."

"Don't they mean the same thing?"

"Freshness is 'fresh,' but novelty can sometimes be 'pressing'."

You might even drop out if you're pressed by novelty. If Emilia doesn't turn out like that, I'll be happy since we've become friends.

"Anyway, if you can say 'I look forward to tomorrow too' with a smile, then I guess that's enough. Plus, it would be fine if you got a little especially close to me."

"Especially close?"

"Right... like, a good way to deepen a relationship all at once is through how you call each other."

Human relationships are strange things; when the relationship changes, the way you call each other also changes.
As you get closer, so-called politeness gradually thins out. It's different from being rude, but a relationship where politeness is unnecessary is the progression of a relationship.

"————"

Emilia thought for a moment about the meaning of my words.
Then, she probably understood what I wanted to say.

"Th-Then."

She hesitated for a moment and stopped on the other side of the road to look at me.
I also slowly stopped and turned toward Emilia.
And Emilia, as if she had made up her mind—

"—I look forward to being with you, Natsuki."

"Wait!? Calling me by my surname without an honorific makes our relationship feel further away!?"

"Eh?"

It was a flow that should have led to a good atmosphere, but it was blown away, and I was shocked.
Suddenly, Emilia also looked surprised.

We looked at each other and tilted our heads, saying "Eh?"

"B-But, you said... that changing how we call each other is proof that we've become friends, right?"

"So, I was already at the 'Subaru-kun' stage, so I thought for sure you'd just call me 'Subaru' without an honorific."

"So, calling you by your given name without an honorific. —!"

While aligning our intentions, Emilia suddenly choked up.
She opened her eyes wide and pointed at me.

"By any chance, is 'Subaru' the given name in 'Natsuki Subaru'!?"

"Yes, it is!? Did I not mention it!?"

"B-But, there are people like me who don't have surnames! And in most other people's names, the given name comes first, so I thought for sure...!"

At Emilia's flustered words, I finally understood the situation.
I see, so Emilia thought my given name was 'Natsuki.' And then, she tried to be bold and call me by my given name without an honorific, and failed.

"So, for you, Emilia, you intended to call me 'Natsuki-kun.' That makes today's mood feel a bit different."

"I-I also...!"

The mysterious sense of superiority I had, thinking I was being called by my given name by a girl I'd just met, turned out to be a misunderstanding, and I felt a bit dejected.
But Emilia was angry at the dejected me. Emilia turned red and looked at me with slightly moist eyes.

"T-To think I was calling a boy I'd just met by his given name all of a sudden... i-it's embarrassing."

"————"

"N-No! Don't look at me. My face is bright red right now...!"

Emilia tried to hide her face, which had apparently turned red, with both hands on her cheeks.
I couldn't take my eyes off her.

The dejected feeling from a moment ago was gone, overwritten by a new surprise and emotion, and had completely disappeared.
Because—

"You're cute, Emilia-tan."

"That's... eh!? What!? Where did '-tan' come from!?"

"It's a change in how I call you. See, it gets cuter when there's a nickname, right?"

"Is that a cute nickname!? You liar, you're just teasing me anyway!"

While her face was still red, Emilia started playfully hitting me.
It was light, far too light. It didn't hurt at all compared to Ram. Of course, it's probably because she didn't intend to make it hurt, but it became funny.

"Uhahahaha—!"

"Geez, Subaru, you idiot! I don't care!"

On the night road home from school, Emilia and I went home while laughing and pouting.
Before we knew it, the way we called each other had changed, but I didn't point it out.

I just thought that school life from tomorrow might seem different.
Without knowing the identity of what I felt for the girl walking beside me, I just gave myself over to the impulse to laugh and was satisfied with the conclusion of today.

≪To be continued in School Re:Zero! 3rd Period!≫

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

Thank you for reading this far.
"Re:Zero -Starting Life in Another World-" has reached its 400th chapter with this story.
It has been over 3 years and 3 months, and the word count has exceeded 4.3 million characters. I have nothing but gratitude for everyone who has accompanied me this far.

Also, as I have already reported in activity reports and elsewhere, this story that started from "Shousetsuka ni Narou" has received not only the honor of being published in book form, but also an offer for an anime adaptation.
Being able to report this is truly thanks to everyone's support.
Thank you very much.

Also, this story is the result of a request from a brave reader who asked at the signing held yesterday, "Aren't you going to write a short story to commemorate the anime adaptation?"
I don't know if this will serve as a proper thank you, but please accept it.

Well then, thank you very much for everything.
I look forward to your continued support for this work and the author.

≪Re:Zero Anime Official Site≫
http://re-zero-anime.jp/

Please take a look at the PV.
The music, the visuals, and—it's a masterpiece.