Arc 9 Part 33: "A Girl Named Petra Leyte"

"—Possibility is the price."

Chewing over the words she had just been told, Petra furrowed her shapely brows.
Possibility—that was what had to be given in exchange for using the mysterious power of 'Teleportation' that Clind possessed. She had imagined a more straightforward price, such as a vast amount of mana or a rare magic crystal, but—

*“The price is possibility? What in the world does that even mean?”*

Imaginary Subaru tilted his head grandly, sharing the same doubt as Petra. Taking advantage of the fact that he was a weightless phantom, he spun horizontally in mid-air, putting his full effort into signaling his dissatisfaction with Clind’s explanation.
Of course, this cute display was visible only to Petra.

*“I mean, did this guy just say the Witch Factor of Melancholy? He did, right? A Witch Factor is one of those nasty-sounding keywords Echidna was talking about!”*

"…I don't think very highly of that 'Witch of Greed,' so I'm not sure how much I should trust her."

*“Well, yeah, she’s the type to cause misunderstandings like that. I don't exactly trust her either, but if you think of it as an expression of her poor social skills, your perspective might change a bit. She’s definitely wicked, though. Wicked.”*

"Right. With my handkerchief… never mind."

Petra looked down as Imaginary Subaru’s voice trembled, focusing on something other than the price.
The desperate scenes she had witnessed in the 'Book of the Dead,' the method the 'Witch' had prepared to end it, and the choice Subaru had made—these were things Petra never wanted to speak of. She didn't want to look at them directly, but she couldn't turn her eyes away either; they were troublesome in exactly that way.
Regardless—

"If it’s a Witch Factor, does that mean the steward-san was also a Sin Archbishop?"

Meili cut in with that difficult question, being naturally oblivious to the atmosphere in a certain sense.
It was a term Petra hadn't known before reading the 'Book of the Dead,' but it seemed Meili had found an opportunity to learn about Witch Factors somewhere. The relationship between Witch Factors, 'Witches,' and by extension, Sin Archbishops, was something Petra felt she had to inquire about as well.
To be honest—

*“If this Clind-san is a Sin Archbishop like Petelgeuse, then I don't know how much we can trust the friendly conversation we were just having…”*

"Are you saying that, Subaru, after you forgave Spica-chan, who was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony?"

*“What are you saying?! There’s no way I’d forgive 'Gluttony' for what they did to Rem?!”*

"…Maybe it’s better if I have you look at my recent memories for a while."

It was the same with his relationship with Beatrice, but the Subaru from the timeline of the 'Book of the Dead' that Petra had seen had a very large discrepancy in knowledge and relationships compared to the current Subaru. Thinking back, she remembered Subaru occasionally speaking ill of Echidna, so she surmised that many things must have happened between Subaru and Echidna in the parts she didn't know.
That woman was definitely a bad person, so Petra’s intuition had been correct. —While holding this internal meeting, Petra watched Clind warily alongside Meili.

She believed Clind wasn't a bad person, and she knew the precedent of Spica, who had been a Sin Archbishop, but believing someone unconditionally like Emilia was a different story. Emilia’s innocence was cute and charming, so she wanted her to keep growing up just as she was.

"Meili's suspicion is natural, but I am not a Sin Archbishop. Denial. To begin with, the Witch Factor of Melancholy is an exceptional thing. Vacant. Even if one is compatible with this factor, they do not join the 'Witches' or the Sin Archbishops. Ostracized."

"————"

"The previous owner… the one compatible with the Witch Factor of Melancholy, called himself the 'Warlock of Melancholy.' Self-proclaimed… no, called by others. That person did not care for titles; it was simply that his wife claimed it was a fitting way to address him. Pet name."

"Warlock…"

*“A Warlock instead of a Witch! That makes sense. I was wondering what I’d do if he started calling himself a Witch-man.”*

The term seemed to suit his sensibilities, as Imaginary Subaru snapped his fingers in admiration. Meanwhile, Petra muttered the word under her breath and looked at Clind.
If the previous explanation applied to Clind as well, then—

"Then, is Clind-niisama also a 'Warlock of Melancholy'?"

"No. Denial. I am not compatible with the Witch Factor of Melancholy. Therefore, I require a price to draw out the Authority of Melancholy. Unfit. Originally, those compatible with a Witch Factor do not require a price to exercise their Authority. It is the right to rewrite the world, recognized by Od Laguna. Official."

"The right to rewrite the world, huh. I hear that a lot, but I wish this Od Laguna person would be a bit more selective about who they give it to."

*“I agree with Meili.”*

As Meili pouted her lips in dissatisfaction and Imaginary Subaru patted her head with a hand that couldn't touch her, Petra placed a finger to her lips and organized the information.

She wanted to believe Clind's denial of being a Sin Archbishop or a 'Warlock.' Furthermore, she accepted the rule that a special power brought by a Witch Factor—which a compatible person could use freely—required a price for an incompatible person to use.
If that was the payment for using Clind's 'Compression' instead of 'Teleportation,' then—

"For example, if someone else… if I could use the Witch Factor Clind-niisama has, would I be able to 'Teleport' as much as I want without paying a price?"

*“Petra! That’s definitely dangerous, so don’t even think about it!”*

"Why? Subaru, you know too, don't you? …Your 'Return by Death' is definitely the same thing as the Witch Factor Clind-niisama is talking about."

*“That’s…”*

Realizing she had a point, Imaginary Subaru fell silent with a bitter expression.
In the tea party with Echidna, the fact that Subaru had taken in a Witch Factor—at that time, it was said to be the one from the Sin Archbishop of Sloth he had just defeated—but considering the reason why the 'Witch of Envy' was obsessed with Subaru and other factors, it was likely not just that.
'Return by Death' was not magic, a curse, or a technique; it was a clearly alien power—in other words, there was a high possibility it was an Authority. If so, Natsuki Subaru was also a 'Warlock.'

"In that case, I wouldn't mind becoming a 'Witch.' If I'm with Subaru, I'm not scared."

*“…You might be jumping to conclusions. Maybe my 'Return by Death' is unrelated to Authorities, like, a gift from a god that’s common in those other-world stories, and they just haven't shown their face yet.”*

"Subaru, you keep secrets a lot, but you're bad at lying."

That was why he kept so many secrets to avoid letting the truth slip, and why he avoided having discussions.
While cherishing the kindness of the person she loved, Petra closed her eyes and then looked back at Clind. Clind's eyes widened slightly, and he looked impressed by her gaze and the strength of her will, but—

"Regrettably, that method cannot be adopted. Rejected."

"—! Why?!"

"Firstly, it is impossible for Petra to be compatible with the Witch Factor of Melancholy. This one and one other, the factor of 'Vainglory,' are vacant… no, I should say they are outliers. They are exceptional factors, tuned for only a single compatible person—the Hero and the Saint. Custom-made. They will not fit anyone else, and besides—"

"…And besides?"

"Even those who were compatible could not escape the corruption of their spirits. Remorse."

Clind looked down and pressed his lips together. From that reaction, Petra sensed that he had known the compatible individuals in question—the Hero and the Saint. Furthermore, the only one compatible with the Witch Factor of Melancholy, the 'Warlock of Melancholy' who had fallen into spiritual corruption, was that Hero.
And since Clind possessed that 'Warlock's' Witch Factor, it meant that Hero was already nowhere in this world—

"Yes, yes, I understand you're talking about something very important, but now that Petra-chan's dangerous resolution has been turned down, shall we get back to the main topic?"

"Hey, what do you mean dangerous…"

"It was dangerous. Even if Petra-chan were to be liked by something like a Witch Factor, I would absolutely be against it. You mustn't rely on that kind of power."

"Meili-chan…"

Without any malice, Petra could tell those words came from the bottom of her heart out of concern.
Meili knew about Witch Factors without having attended the 'Witch's' tea party. Judging from her tone just now, she might have had experience encountering beings with Witch Factors—Sin Archbishops. Her advice was, however, ironic.

*“————”*

Imaginary Subaru gazed at Meili with an expression that was too kind to be called complicated, his brows lowered.
Since the incident surrounding the Sanctuary and the Roswaal manor occurred, and she was captured during that conflict, Meili was involved in that matter—the deaths of Petra and Frederica that she had seen in the 'Book of the Dead.'
The reason the relationship between Petra and Meili didn't end as merely victim and perpetrator of 'death' was thanks to none other than Subaru's 'Return by Death.'
That was why Petra couldn't help but think that power depended on how it was used—

"…Yeah, I understand."

"Good. That's a good girl."

Meili was visibly relieved by Petra's answer. Grabbing her hand, Petra nodded.
In any case, if the Witch Factor of Melancholy wasn't compatible with Petra, the plan to become the factor's holder in Clind's place and ignore the price was not an option.
The idea that if Subaru was a 'Warlock,' Petra would be a 'Witch' was simply an attractive situation to her, but if it had no merit, it was an option that should be scrapped.

"As Meili says, let's return to the main topic. Restatement. In any case, payment of the price is necessary for the reasons explained. And the price is influence over the world. Possibility."

"—Please explain in a bit more detail."

"For example, there is magic that creates fire with a single incantation. Its convenience goes without saying, and many futures are opened by this magic. Promising. Cooking, medicine, engraving, blacksmithing, war… the list is endless. Vast. This is influence, and possibility. And—"

"…If you offer that magic as a price, does everything that was supposed to happen because of that magic disappear?"

"By that amount, room for the possibilities that were originally meant to be used remains in the world. By the amount of that room, that margin, I can exercise the Authority of Melancholy despite being unfit. Completed."

With that conclusion, Petra understood that Clind had finished the necessary explanation.
She understood the story. —In short, it was a matter of resources. There was a limit to the resources Od Laguna managed for the operation of the world.
The condition for using Clind's Authority was to sacrifice something as a price to create a surplus in the resources that were originally used to their limit, and then secretly use that surplus.

Having understood that much, the clever and lovely Petra noticed one more thing.

"…We used Clind-niisama's Authority a lot to get to the Empire, didn't we? What was the price for that?"

"—Master did. Secret."

"…I really hate that."

Petra felt like her insides were boiling with irritation and spite.
In that situation, everyone in the camp had exerted their full strength to go save Subaru and the others. Beatrice continued to sleep, believing in her reunion with Subaru, and Otto went as far as relying on his family home, going against his principles. Emilia desperately showed the way, and of course, Petra intended to do everything she could.
And yet, for the one who paid the greatest price to be Roswaal, who wouldn't even speak of that fact, was a tremendous humiliation for Petra.

*“I wonder what it was, a feeling of atonement? Like, sorry about the Sanctuary and the manor.”*

"I don't think it's such a simple feeling. That's why I hate Master…!"

*“Hmm, Petra’s anger is perfectly justified…”*

It was frustrating that Imaginary Subaru didn't align with Petra's emotions, perhaps because he hadn't yet read the Empire portion of Petra's memories, but she didn't want him to understand even this ugly, thick jealousy. Petra threw that sludge into the well of her heart, nailed the lid shut, and made sure she could never peer inside.
The accumulation of dissatisfaction toward Roswaal was nothing new. And it also made sense that Roswaal was a suitable person to satisfy the conditions for using Clind's Authority.

"If it's Master, he has plenty of things like magic and magic tools that he could offer as a price."

Of course, it wasn't a matter of having so much that he wouldn't mind giving any amount away.
She didn't know if Od Laguna took the amount of emotional attachment into account, but it was a 'Possibility' that would have influenced the world if it hadn't been let go. Whatever it was, Petra didn't think the world could be moved by something one had no attachment to.

—'Possibility' required passion and attachment.
There was no way such a shallow logic could hold—that one could regain something truly important with the petty idea of offering something else to obtain an easy salvation.
That was why Petra—

"—I don't mind offering something too."

*“Whoa, hold on.”*

Meili quietly murmured, perhaps having reached the same conclusion as Petra. While Imaginary Subaru blinked his eyes, Meili continued, "Because,"

"The fact that I'm alive is originally thanks to Big Brother and the others letting me go. I don't mean it as a way to repay that debt, but wouldn't it be a clear way to settle things?"

*“Petra, stop this girl… stop Meili! I don't know what happened between this girl and the current me, but I didn't save her for that!”*

"Yeah, you're right."

The argument from the pale-faced Imaginary Subaru was, however, easily accepted.
Subaru had saved Meili not out of some calculating desire to make her work hard or repay him someday, but surely just because he wanted to save her.
Subaru wouldn't want Meili to do anything that would close off her possibilities.

"Meili-chan, you can't. The most valuable thing you could offer is your Divine Protection to control mabeasts, but if that’s gone, Meili-chan will be worthless."

"My! Petra-chan, that’s mean."

"Sorry. Worthless was an exaggeration. Meili-chan would just be a cute girl."

To be honest, it seemed likely that Subaru, Emilia, and the others would say they didn't mind that. However, Meili herself, more than anyone else, could not accept becoming just a cute girl.
Petra understood that painfully well. —Cute girls couldn't just be cute girls, as much as everyone around them thought they could.

"—Petra-sama, Meili-sama."

A sudden voice reached them, and Petra and the others quickly looked back at the dragon carriage. There stood the figure of a girl—Flam—who had jumped down from the carriage bed and was running toward them.
During the journey across the Augria Sand Dunes, she had voluntarily lost consciousness, and now she had awakened. The circumstances of Flam losing consciousness were related to her Divine Protection—

"Flam-chan! I'm so glad you're awa—"

"The conditions for using the 'Divine Protection of Telepathy' have been met. I can contact my sister… I can contact Grasis. I believe I can also communicate with Felt-sama, Rachins-sama, and the others."

"————"

Prioritizing her report over checking on each other's safety, Flam quickly conveyed her situation.
Immediately after waking up, she must have wanted to contact her family about the clash between Reinhard and the 'Witch of Envy,' but Petra could only be grateful that she had suppressed that urge.
Without a doubt, the Felt camp, having received word from Flam, would also be in a position to learn of the outrage Al had committed and take action to resolve the situation.

*“With Reinhard unable to move, it feels like too much of an unknown how much we can rely on Felt or Old Man Rom…”*

"—No. We mustn't insist on doing this by ourselves."

*“Petra…”*

"This isn't just our problem anymore; it's a problem for everyone in the Kingdom."

Al had gone rogue, and the persons of Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice had been taken—the situation was no longer such a micro-level problem. It had to be considered a national-scale, world-scale situation involving the 'Sword Saint,' the 'Divine Dragon,' and the 'Witch of Envy.'
Therefore, Petra and the others, who understood the circumstances best, must not withhold information.

"Flam-chan, find out Felt-sama's location immediately. With Clind-niisama here, we can regroup as soon as we know where they are."

"—! Understood."

At Petra's instruction, which organized the steps, Flam glanced at Clind for a moment, suppressed her desire to hear the detailed circumstances, and immediately complied.
Instead, it was Meili who pulled on her sleeve, saying, "Petra-chan?"

"We haven't finished talking about the price to give the steward-san yet."

"—No, I've already decided on that."

"Eh?"

Meili's eyes widened at that answer. Gently undoing the fingers gripping her sleeve, Petra quickly approached Clind and glanced at Imaginary Subaru out of the corner of her eye.
Even though she knew he was a convenient phantom she was seeing as he stared intently at her actions,

"Cover your ears for just a moment."

At Petra's request, Imaginary Subaru followed suit obediently after a beat. Once Imaginary Subaru had covered his ears, Petra stood on her tiptoes, saying, "Clind-niisama." She brought her mouth close to Clind's ear and whispered softly to him.
That was—

"————"

"—Would that be a price?"

Petra lowered her heels. At her whispered question, Clind stared in stunned silence. Petra tilted her head, a gesture she knew was extremely cute, and Clind let out a breath.
With a long, deep sigh, he removed his monocle and looked back at Petra with his bare eyes.

"It would be possible. Estimate. But, Petra, that is—"

"Good."

"————"

"I knew it, though. —That I have 'Possibility' that can move the world."

Petra puffed out her chest proudly and didn't let Clind say anything more.
She had received the answer to the question she had let only Clind hear. Petra held her head high at that answer—Clind was Clind. His evaluation might not necessarily match Od Laguna's, but at least Clind recognized the value of that 'Possibility.'

"I will offer the price, Clind-niisama. We will… no, I don't really care about the world. I just want to save the people who are important to me."

"—Understood, Petra. You are the bravest girl among all the girls I know. Admiration."

Clind bowed deeply, speaking in the same way he did to Annerose or Roswaal, or perhaps to someone he truly, from the bottom of his heart, thought was wonderful.
After smiling back at him, Petra noticed Meili's gaze fixed on her. Seeing that her round eyes were somewhat anxious, Petra gently pulled her into an embrace.

"I don't know what it is, but I'm sure Petra-chan is a huge idiot."

"Hehe, that’s mean. I'm smart, and I'm cute and cool."

Petra retorted to the disparaging Meili in that way, and over the shoulder of the girl she was hugging, she gazed at Imaginary Subaru, who was standing there awkwardly.
Imaginary Subaru finally lowered his hands from his ears. Looking at that face, which she could never tire of loving no matter how much she looked at it, Petra updated her personal record for maximum cuteness and spoke.

"Subaru, I love you."