Arc 9 Part 34: "Attraction"

Experiencing Clind’s "Teleportation"—which he himself explained as "Compression"—was something Petra hadn’t felt in about a month, and for Meili, it had been a few days.

"It might be startling if it’s your first time, but you don't need to be scared," Petra advised Flam, speaking from the position of an experienced traveler.

She was concerned that Flam might panic if she wasn't properly prepared for what was about to happen. However, Flam simply shook her head.

"You needn't worry. Most surprises cannot surpass the Young Master."

*『Is that guy treated like some kind of "Surprise-and-Shock Human" even by his own family? Just how much of a handful is he?』*

"Subaru" offered a dismayed comment at that overly resilient answer.

However, through the memories of Subaru shared via the *Book of the Dead*, Petra knew of the time Reinhard had leveled a building with a single swing of his sword and scattered Meili’s sister’s forces. Thus, she found Flam’s attitude—that of someone thoroughly accustomed to the extraordinary—quite convincing.

"Even if Flam-chan is fine, I hope the sleeping Teacher-san doesn't get dizzy. The Little Crimson Scorpion was in a total tizzy the first time the Steward sent us flying."

"That reminds me, I wonder if there’s such a thing as teleportation sickness. In Vollachia, it seemed like some people could handle Spica-chan’s 'Teleportation' while others couldn't."

Meili shrugged, and the Little Crimson Scorpion, peeking out from her rustling hair, mimicked its master by shrugging its pincers.

That point brought back memories of the "Teleportation" used by Spica, whom they had left behind in the Empire—it seemed to depend on one's constitution; regardless of strength, some people just couldn't handle it. Petra was on the "fine" side, but Garfiel, who was on the "not fine" side, had curled up in a sulk.

In response to Petra’s question, Clind raised a finger. "Indeed. Reflection."

"While I cannot say the number of trials or subjects has been vast, no one has fallen ill thus far. Relief. The Authority of 'Melancholy' is not strictly 'Teleportation'; it is the result of 'Compressing' the time and distance that should have naturally been traversed. Omission."

"No matter how many times I hear it, it makes no sense."

*『So, basically, I should just think of it as King Crimson? No, it’s questionable if he can blow past the intermediate results, so maybe it’s different from Kin-Kuri...』*

"We don't have to worry about getting sick, and it’s a power that creates the time we need most right now. Knowing that much is enough for now," Petra concluded, cutting through Meili’s confusion and "Subaru’s" attempt to digest it in his own way.

She felt she could almost understand "Subaru’s" way of putting it, but she felt it was a waste of time and thought to dwell on it now. If time permitted, she wanted to properly verify every bit of the memories and knowledge poured into her, to be a version of herself that knew everything about Subaru, but—

"Clind-niisama, may I ask you to proceed?"

Rather than fulfilling that desire, Petra urged Clind forward, feeling even the time spent harboring the thought was wasteful.

Clind’s monocle glinted as he nodded. "Yes. Timely."

Considering the phenomenon he was about to trigger, his casual yet reliable attitude was impressive.

As Petra watched him with admiration, Meili tugged on her sleeve. "Hey."

"Petra-chan, about that talk earlier... regarding the price."

"—It’s okay. It has Clind-niisama’s seal of approval."

"That’s not it... I don't know why myself, but if Petra-chan has to suffer some kind of loss, I... I don't like it."

"Loss..."

Petra blinked at Meili’s words, the girl seemingly struggling with her own emotions.

The straightforward concern from her friend, combined with Clind’s evaluation of the price she had paid—at that moment, the emotions coursing through Petra’s chest reached a peak of complex and rich colors.

With that, Petra smiled at Meili.

"Thank you, Meili-chan. But really, I’m fine."

"...If you're lying, I'll be really mad."

Petra nodded, still smiling, at the threat Meili had squeezed out after much thought.

She cherished the sleeve Meili had gently released, holding it to her chest, and then searched for "Subaru." She knew the phantom of him wouldn't be left behind, but it was a matter of sentiment.

When she spotted his translucent back, "Subaru" was gazing at the Sand Sea in the distance.

*『If I were just a bit more competent, I wouldn't have to put her through so much trouble.』*

In the eastern sky—where the atmosphere screamed, the colors of the heavens were gruesome, and the roar of the earth being gouged out thundered—the battle between the "Sword Saint" and the "Witch of Envy" continued.

A clash between entities of immense power that could decide the fate of the world. Seeing "Subaru’s" profile as he lamented his own lack of strength, Petra felt her breath hitch with sorrow.

"Subaru," concerned for his friend, didn't touch upon the exchange between Petra and Clind from moments ago, respecting Petra’s will.

In theory, she shouldn't be able to keep secrets from him, an existence inside her own head; if he wanted to, he could strip bare the information she had made him cover his ears for.

However, the Imaginary Subaru did not do that. Whether that was due to "Subaru’s" own conscience and thoughtfulness, or her own will making him obey her, Petra—a mixture of self-consciousness, affection, and memory—could not tell.

However, whichever it was, Petra felt the same.

Whether it was thoughtfulness or the result of her own desire, "Subaru’s" way of being was referenced from how the real Natsuki Subaru appeared through the eyes of Petra Leyte.

Therefore—

"Clind-niisama, please."

"—Understood. Commendation."

Holding her affection for "Subaru" close, Petra gave Clind the signal.

Petra, Meili, and Flam. Along with Patrasche pulling the dragon carriage, and the unconscious Garfiel and Ezzo—a group totaling six people and one beast—plus one phantom and one insect, commenced their action with Clind’s help.

To that end, the "price" Petra had proposed was offered up to Od Lagna—

"————"

In an instant—literally, in the blink of an eye—the world shifted, and the "Compression" was complete.

She closed her eyes, and when she opened them, the scenery had completely changed. The taste of the air on her tongue and skin, and the scent of the world reaching her nose, were entirely different; Petra felt the reality of the Authority having been used.

"————"

For a moment, Petra closed her eyes, reflecting on the fact that they had begun their move.

However, after that one-second prayer, she shelved her sentimentality and focused on what was in front of her. From here on, Petra and the others didn't have the luxury of wasting a single step.

Just as Petra was steeling her resolve—

"Dwaaaah!? Wh-what, what is it!? A dragon carriage just jumped out of nowhere!?"
"I-is it Reinhard!? Only that guy could pull off such a ridiculous stunt!"
"Am I still dreaming? Toto! Totooo! Lend me your soft lap—!"

"Quiet, you lot! What are you making such a fuss... Wh-where did you come from!?"

She received a welcome so loud and restless from the destination of the "Compression" that it practically threw cold water on her determination.

*『Huh!? Never mind Old Man Rom, is that Tonchinkan!? It’s Tonchinkan! Why are those guys together!? Why?! Why?!』*

It should be added that "Subaru," who was the first to react to this grand welcome, also raised his voice at the unexpected surprise.

***

"Petra-chan! Meili! Are you both safe!?"

"—!"
*『Emilia-tan...!』*

The moment she saw Emilia rushing toward them with a pale face, Petra felt a surge of sweet emotion explode within her chest.

Her heart filled with a fluffy, warm, and almost paralyzing sweetness, and her mind overflowed with superlatives praising Emilia’s beauty and loveliness. This adoration wasn't just for her appearance, but for her gestures, her way of speaking, and even the sound of her footsteps.

"This is so blatant...!"

Swept away by this clearly intense wave of emotion, Petra’s head spun.

Up until now, she had felt that the presence of the Imaginary Subaru was undoubtedly the biggest influence from the *Book of the Dead*, but this "Emilia Shock" was on par with it.

To put it bluntly, an overdose of Emiliase might be life-threatening—

"Wait, what kind of stupid things am I saying...!"

With nearly half her consciousness almost snatched away, Petra forced herself to grab her own collar and somehow managed to stay grounded in reality.

She had known it would happen, but the affection for Emilia had overflowed far too boldly.

She felt a muddled sense of jealousy toward that fact itself, but more than that, Petra herself was happy to be reunited with Emilia; having her own feelings of cherishing Emilia pushed aside was something Petra took issue with.

So, Petra suppressed the urge to think "E.M.T." as she watched Emilia rush over, her breathtakingly beautiful face tearful, and spread her arms wide.

And then—

"Emilia-neeta-ma...!"

"Neetama!?"

Her tongue slipped grandly, surprising Emilia right at the moment of their emotional reunion.

She had almost called her "Emilia-tan" and tried to correct course at the last second, but failed to pull it off. It was a blunder quite unlike Petra.

Regardless—

"But, I’m so glad... that you both really came to see me."

"Yes. I’m glad you’re safe too, Emilia-neesama."

Pulled into a hug by the overcome Emilia, Petra hugged her back and replied.

On Petra’s other side, Meili, who was being hugged just as tightly, gave a characteristically indirect response of "It’s suffocating..." while timidly wrapping her arms around Emilia’s back.

*『Whoa—! Seeing a safe Emilia-tan makes me feel so incredibly relieved! Wait? Did she get even cuter while we were apart? Isn't her growth potential amazing?』*

Floating in the air, "Subaru" watched from various angles as Emilia embraced Petra and Meili, filled with emotion. He was being too rowdy. But it couldn't be helped.

After all, in terms of the timing of the *Book of the Dead*, the last Emilia "Subaru" knew was the one who was completely broken in the "Sanctuary."

At that time, Petra wasn't as close to Emilia as she was now, so she hadn't been able to be her strength. Since even Petra felt regret over that, the frustration "Subaru" had felt firsthand must have been incomparable.

*『Ah! This is huge, Petra! Look! Emilia-tan is walking energetically!』*

"You're right. She was walking with her long legs. That’s good."

*『It’s good...! It’s really good...!』*

Thus, she hesitated to dampen "Subaru’s" trembling joy. While giving appropriate nods to "Subaru’s" excitement, Petra savored a secret sense of relief.

There was one reason for that relief—she hadn't been afraid when she saw Emilia.

"The last sight I saw in the *Book of the Dead*..."

Natsuki Subaru, sinking into the shadows of the "Sanctuary," caught in an inescapable obsession, clinging to a spiteful means prepared by a "Witch," and taking his own life.

In that final moment, Subaru-as-Petra had seen it. That the terrifying "Witch of Envy" had the same face as the person he loved most.

"————"

Whenever she tried to think deeply about the reason, it was like reaching out for something shrouded in mist; a clear thought simply wouldn't take shape. Even so, the vivid emotion wouldn't peel away.

That was why she had been afraid of reuniting with Emilia. —No. To be precise, she was afraid she might not be able to look at Emilia the same way as before.

"But I’m glad it didn't turn out like that. ...Though my heart is pounding for a different reason than before."

"Eh? Petra-chan, is something wrong?"

"It’s nothing. I’m just happy to see you, Emilia-neesama."

Hiding the conflict she’d had internally, Petra sincerely rejoiced in her reunion with Emilia. Emilia’s eyes widened at this, but she smiled, while atop the head of the still-acting-unfriendly Meili, the Little Crimson Scorpion clicked its pincers happily in its master’s stead.

Then—

"—I thought it had gotten lively, so you've come, little lass."

A low, raspy voice cut in, causing Emilia to let out a surprised "Ah."

At the entrance of the room, which Emilia had left wide open when she rushed in, a large silhouette knocked on the door and peered inside.

That silhouette was—

"Felt-chan’s grandfather!"

Emilia blinked as she saw the old man, Old Man Rom, ducking through the cramped entrance. At Emilia’s voice, Rom rubbed his bald head with a wry smile.

"The way you say it, you seem to truly believe we're blood-related... Others call me Old Man Rom. This is the first time we've spoken properly like this."

"Um, yes. We couldn't talk at the castle on the day the Royal Selection began, and when Felt-chan stole my insignia, we weren't in a state to talk calmly..."

"...You don't have to be so worried about me, I know the circumstances, so it’s fine."

As Emilia responded to Rom’s greeting, she looked concernedly at Meili in her arms, to which Meili replied with an attitude that was half-annoyance and half-consideration.

Their exchange touched upon the connection between Emilia and Rom—the incident where Felt had stolen the insignia, the qualification for the Royal Selection, from Emilia, and the fact that Meili’s sister, Elsa, had been involved in that event.

Thinking about it, these three shared a strange fate. If you included "Subaru," it was four. If you included Reinhard, there would be no end to it.

"Calling you 'little lass'... might not be appropriate given your current position. May I call you Emilia?"

"Yes, that’s fine. It’s nice to meet you properly, Old Man Rom."

*『Oh... these two properly introducing themselves, it feels like a historic moment.』*

"You're exaggerating."

Petra felt amused as "Subaru" made such a big deal out of it being "historic" while watching Emilia and Rom shake hands.

While there was certainly a bit of sentimentality to it, the way he said it made it sound as if he were witnessing a reunion between two people who hadn't interacted for over a decade.

Setting "Subaru’s" excitement aside for a moment—

"I've heard about Felt-chan too. It must have been hard for you and the others, right, Old Man Rom?"

"Mm, indeed. I’d like to get our stories straight. Petra."

"Right. I think it’ll take a little longer for Clind-niisama to return, so we should start on our end first. ...It’s a race against time."

At Petra’s final addition, Emilia and Rom both nodded deeply.

Yes, a race against time. That was why Petra and the others had gone so far as to use a "cheat" to get here.

Currently, Petra and the others had gathered at the Royal Guest House in the capital, Lugnica.
Among the members of the Emilia Camp, who had been acting separately, her location was clear, but if they were to gather around someone, it had to be Emilia.
With that in mind, Petra had used Clind’s "Compression" to join up with Rom and the others and then rushed to the Royal Capital, but—

"Even I was surprised by how ruined this capital has become."

"It’s been a while since I was in the capital too, but it wasn't this beat-up everywhere when I saw it before, and those 'objects' definitely weren't there."

Meili, looking out the window, chimed in with Rom, who stood with his thick arms crossed.
Unlike the two experienced ones, this was Petra’s first time in the Royal Capital. Fortunately, the loot cellar she had remembered earlier was in the capital’s slums, so relying on those memories, Petra could compare the capital when it was intact to how it was now.
Certainly, the capital in those memories didn't have numerous flashy ice towers standing everywhere, and the noble district with its grand houses shouldn't have been so cluttered.

"I never liked the place, but I never thought the noble district would be turned into a vacant lot like that. According to the rumors, the evacuation was complete, but it’s still an outrageous story."

"Meili-chan mentioned it too, but those ice towers... did you do that, Emilia-neesama?"

"Ah, um, yes, but there was a reason for that! Everyone was in such a big, big pinch, and I didn't have any room to hold back...!"

Pointed out for the major changes that had occurred to the capital’s cityscape—a view visible from the Royal Guest House, which had narrowly escaped damage—Emilia flustered about how to explain it.

Finding her flustered state endearing, Petra worked with Rom to unravel the events one by one—

"—So, it really was Al-san."

"...Yes. Because I couldn't stop Al, the city ended up in a mess."

"It’s not your fault, Emilia-neesama. If you hadn't made those ice towers, the people in the capital would have been in trouble... So, you're an E.M.G. (Emilia-tan Maji Guardian Angel)!"

"Mmm, thank you, Petra-chan... Eh? What did you just say?"

Petra shook her head vigorously, denying the responsibility Emilia was taking upon herself.
Hearing that Al and Volcanica were also involved in the massive damage that had struck the Royal Capital, Petra felt she was the one who should feel responsible. If only they had been able to stop Al’s schemes back at the Pleiades Watchtower, their starting point.

"There’s no end to it if you start saying that. Everyone got outsmarted by that Helmet-san bit by bit. The bad ones are Helmet-san and his friends, right?"

"Indeed. It’s good to reflect to fill in what’s lacking, but regretting your lack of strength won't help. Just an old man’s experience talking."

"—Yes, I think you’re both right. Al is the one who did bad things, and Al has to take responsibility for it. We don't have time to mope around!"

At Meili and Rom’s words, Emilia steeled her expression and regained her composure. Petra let out a small breath at Emilia’s reaction and also put strength into her core.
As everyone said, weakness disguised as reflection was a bad habit. The path is always only forward.

*『Al probably thinks the same way. ...Otherwise, he wouldn't do something as 'over the line' as breaking a Sin Archbishop out of prison. What is that guy seriously thinking?』*

Picking up on Petra’s feelings, "Subaru" frowned at the outrage Al had committed in the capital.
In fact, inciting Volcanica and causing massive damage to the capital was an incredible act of terrorism, but even that might pale in comparison to his true objective—aiding the escape of "Gluttony."
To think that the Sin Archbishop of "Gluttony," with whom Petra and the others had a deep history, had been let loose.

"Listing the things he’s done makes my head spin. Attacking those related to the Royal Selection candidates, kidnapping one of the knights. Turning the 'Divine Dragon' Volcanica, the protector of the kingdom, and using the 'Witch of Envy' to seal the 'Sword Saint’s' movements. Furthermore, taking one of the Royal Selection candidates hostage to enter the capital, half-destroying the noble district, and breaking out the imprisoned Sin Archbishop."

*『Isn't this bad? How many years in prison is this?』*

"He’d probably get the death penalty about a hundred times..."

Once again, the sheer number and weight of the crimes committed by Al—no, Al’s group—were extraordinary.
It almost looked like he was trying to do every bad thing in the world, but Petra believed it wasn't out of desperation, but based on a plan.
Yes, Al had a proper plan. He was following the necessary steps for it, and those steps just happened to be mostly close to the crimes of the century.

"If it’s a plan that requires a Sin Archbishop, shouldn't he reconsider it from the start?"

"The 'Witch of Envy' is there too, so there’s absolutely no excuse..."

In the first place, there was no reason for Petra to make excuses on his behalf.
Based on the impression she got from the *Book of the Dead*, Subaru seemed to have thought of Al as someone from the same hometown—someone he couldn't bring himself to hate—but he had easily and lightly exceeded the range of what could be forgiven.
Regarding that, it could be said to be the common view of everyone gathered here—no, of everyone involved, including those not present.

"Right now, Clind-niisama is going around to the others to bring Frederica-neesama and the rest. Emilia-neesama, what about Otto-san?"

"—Ah! Um, well, about Otto-kun."

"I can tell by that reaction. He’s being reckless again, isn't he?"

"Uuu... yes, he is. I’m sorry I couldn't stop him."

Emilia wilted, looking down as if she were incompetent. But Emilia wasn't at fault. If anyone was at fault, it was Otto, and in this case, he wasn't to blame either.
Otto was already constantly overworking himself within the camp, so Petra and Frederica were always telling him to rest, but this time, that warning didn't apply.
In fact, Otto, who wielded the "Divine Protection of Soul Language," was far too reliable in this situation.

"Reconnaissance and intelligence using insects and birds, huh. It’s a Divine Protection that can be used for all sorts of mischief... but it seems like it would also bring a lot of burdens to shoulder."

"Oh, you're spot on. The Hat-on-top Big Brother looks like the type who’s always stressed."

"I’ve lived a fair while, but I’ve never even heard of the 'Divine Protection of Soul Language.' The fact that a protection with so many uses isn't known at all probably means that no one who received it lived very long."

Meili giggled, but Petra agreed with Rom’s dark speculation.
It was a fact that overusing the "Divine Protection of Soul Language" seemed bad for the body, and Petra had seen Otto get a nosebleed in the Empire after using it extensively.
That, too, was out of necessity in a situation like war where one couldn't afford to hold back.

"He’s worried about Subaru and the others, but especially about Garfiel... he seems really determined, saying he’ll definitely do something about it."

"If Garf-san were awake, he’d probably be depressed, saying 'What the hell am I doin' when Otto-bro asked me...' They’re two of a kind."

"Petra-chan, your impression was so spot on it startled me."

Leaving aside the reactions of the surprised Emilia and Meili, it was easy to imagine Otto and Garfiel wanting to be reckless for those reasons.
Garfiel was still in a coma and had been left at a clinic in the capital, but they had to be careful that he didn't needlessly blame himself or try to get hurt once he woke up.

"I hope Furfu-chan can soothe Otto-san well."

Petra muttered, worrying about Otto, who wasn't present.
No matter what insects or animals he negotiated with, Otto himself had to be there to listen to the gathered information. For that reason, Otto was currently pursuing Al’s group alone—or rather, in a pair with his long-time partner and beloved dragon, Furfu.

*『Otto, huh... I’m worried he’ll mess up at a crucial moment, and I wonder how much we can really rely on him.』*

"If he heard that, you’d probably see the angriest face Otto-san has ever made."

Subaru was the type to take everything on himself. It wasn't just Otto; anyone in the camp would likely get angry if told that, but Petra felt Otto would be the scariest.
That said, it was true that the burden shouldn't be placed on Otto alone. If Clind could bring Ram, they could share the burden using her "Clairvoyance."
Thinking that far, Petra suddenly remembered.

"That’s right, Emilia-neesama, there was something I wanted to ask."

"Hmm? What is it, Petra-chan?"

"You might not have any idea, but actually, on the way here, Meili-chan and I suddenly felt really sick..."

The question Petra raised was about something that happened right after they joined up with Rom and the others—whose coordinates Flam had identified through her "Divine Protection of Telepathy" with her sister, Grasis—and discussed heading to the capital next. Suddenly, Petra’s whole body had broken out in goosebumps, and she was struck by a shock that felt like her heart was being stirred.

The dread was so intense that Petra had wondered if it was a side effect of the *Book of the Dead*, or a sign that Reinhard had lost and the "Witch of Envy" was about to descend upon her. However, since Meili had experienced the same sensation, she concluded it was neither.

"But, given the situation, right? Flam-chan and Old Man Rom were fine, but Meili-chan, I, and even Clind-niisama felt it. So, I thought it might be related to Al-san... Emilia-neesama?"

It was an anomaly they couldn't reach a conclusion on even after discussing it with Meili and Clind.
Petra stopped sharing the potentially dangerous information when she saw Emilia’s reaction. Emilia’s beautiful amethyst eyes were wide, and her cheeks had hardened.
It was clearly a reaction of someone who knew something.

"...That 'really sick' feeling, I think it’s probably the work of the Sin Archbishop of 'Gluttony'."

*『..."Gluttony," you say?』*

"Ugh, what a nasty feeling."

"Subaru" frowned at the mention of the currently most hated Sin Archbishop, and Meili stuck out her tongue. Petra also pressed a hand to her chest and urged Emilia to continue with her eyes.

"I don't clearly know what was done either. But Al had 'Gluttony'... Roy do something, and then I suddenly felt sick too, and while my head was spinning..."

"Al-san and the two from 'Gluttony' got away, didn't they?"

"Yes, that’s right."

Emilia nodded weakly, her shoulders slumped.
At Emilia’s answer, Petra glanced at Rom. The wise old man of the Felt Camp rubbed his head with his large hand.

"When it was just Petra and Meili talking, I thought it was a vague story, but if even Emilia felt it and 'Gluttony' is involved, I don't have a good feeling about it."

"The common point is... everyone is an ally of Emilia-neesama?"

"It would have been easier to tell if Fang Big Brother were awake, or if Hat Big Brother were waiting here quietly, or if Subaru Big Brother hadn't been captured."

*『Including the current me, we're the Three Idiots with terrible timing...』*

It was related to Al, just as Petra had suspected, but with "Gluttony" involved, the seriousness of the anxiety over the unidentified attack was on a different level. —She felt a slight pang of regret for leaving Spica behind in the Empire.
Spica was also, after many twists and turns, one of the Sin Archbishops of "Gluttony"—

"No, no, I can't think like that. I’m not the Master."

What can they do, what can't they do, are they useful or not.
If she started judging people’s value from that perspective, her "Roswaal-ification" would advance rapidly. One can polish their insight as much as they want, but one must be careful if their humanity starts to dry up.

"We probably have no choice but to keep that 'Gluttony' business in mind for now. So, according to your camp’s internal affairs official, their destination is..."

"—The Mogolede Great Fissure in Kararagi."

Rom corrected the course of the conversation, which had reached no conclusion, and Emilia took over his words.
That was the final destination of Al’s group, and the circumstances of how it was discovered were—

"Felt, who was taken by them, left it, and your kin conveyed it, huh. I can trust Felt a hundred percent, but what about you lot?"

"About Otto-kun? I trust him not just a hundred, but about a million percent."

"Emilia-neesama, that was a percentage, not a count. But it was cool."

Petra’s heart warmed at Emilia’s answer, which wasn't bound by the concept of percentages, while Rom and Meili gave weary smiles.
But Emilia had properly answered what Rom wanted to know.

*『...She’s not just cute, she’s become incredibly strong, Emilia-tan.』*

"Subaru" gazed at Emilia with eyes that saw something dazzling.
To "Subaru," who had been pulled out in the middle of solving the problems in the "Sanctuary," it was frustrating not to be able to fully grasp how this greatness of Emilia’s had been nurtured.
She wanted to tell him. —That the current Emilia was forged through working hand-in-hand with Subaru.

"No, Beatrice-chan is there too, so it’s three-legged... if that’s the logic, I want to be included too, and Garf-san would probably sulk if he weren't. What about you, Meili-chan?"

"What about me? What are you even talking about? It’s scary when you suddenly start saying things like Subaru Big Brother."

*『That was definitely something I would say, but isn't Meili’s understanding of me a bit too high?』*

With some lingering sentimentality, "Subaru" gave a wry smile at Petra and Meili’s conversation.
In any case, Rom seemed convinced by Emilia’s earlier answer, and the fact that Al’s final destination was the Mogolede Great Fissure was shared.
Honestly, they didn't know what was there, but—

"If we know the location, we should be able to get ahead of them with Clind-san’s power."

"—Indeed. Old Man Rom, what about Tonchinkan-san and the others?"

"For now, everyone except the seriously injured should have entered the nearby town as instructed. That young fellow Clind’s power... you probably can't use it excessively, right? I’ll adjust the numbers."

Rom shrugged his large shoulders, showing understanding of Clind’s Authority even without a detailed explanation.
Due to the "price" Petra had proposed, the restrictions on Clind’s Authority of "Compression" had been lifted, but even that would become insufficient depending on the number of times they moved and the number of people. First, they would set the stage with the minimum number of people, and the deployment of the maximum number would happen once the assessment was complete.

The preparations for that had also seen a ray of hope thanks to Otto, who was in the middle of his reckless actions.
All that remained was to gather as much information as possible about what kind of formation Al’s group would take by the time they reached their final destination.
And—

"—The means for that are already in our hands. Opportunity."

At the perfect timing, a voice spoke, and Petra and the others turned all at once. The one who bowed under their collective gaze was none other than Clind, whom they had just been wanting to talk to.
With timing so good it was as if he had been waiting for the right moment, Emilia’s face brightened. "Clind-san!"

"Thank you for sending Petra-chan and the others. Thanks to you, we were able to meet like this."

"There is no need for thanks. Returning to Milula was my own judgment, and being able to meet your expectations was the result of Petra pushing me. Encouragement. More importantly, I apologize for the delay in my return. Apology."

"I don't think you were that late, but did something happen? Clind-niisama."

Petra tilted her head as Clind slowly shook his head in apology.
Certainly, considering the performance of "Compression," one could say Clind’s arrival at the Royal Guest House had taken some time. However, he must have had to explain the situation to the people he went to pick up, and she didn't think it was enough to warrant an apology for being late.
Was it a manifestation of perfectionism from a highly capable man? As Petra thought this, Clind looked at her and spoke. "No. Negation."

"Regarding the reason for the delay, rather than explaining it with words, I believe experiencing it directly will be the fastest and surest way to aid your understanding. Realization."

*『Directly?』*
"Experience?"

"Subaru" and Petra both tilted their heads at the unnatural choice of words for an explanation of tardiness.
Emilia and Meili seemed to have the same question, and Rom, who was in the most objective position, crossed his arms and watched with interest to see what would happen.
Then, as everyone watched, Clind stepped to the side of the room’s entrance—

"Hmph. Sorry to keep you waiting."

Stepping into the room with an air of majesty and a swagger that suited her arrogant behavior was the pink-haired maid—none other than Ram.
Having joined them after being picked up by Clind, she was wearing her maid uniform for the first time in a while, and Petra, being a fellow maid, felt nostalgic seeing the uniform after so long.
However—

"Ram, you came, for..."

Emilia, who had been about to rush over with a smile to welcome the maid-clad Ram, trailed off. Her feet stopped, and the hand she had been about to use to grab Ram’s was instead pressed to her own forehead.

"Um,"

Emilia let out a bewildered voice.
At the sudden turn of events, Petra should have been concerned for her, but she couldn't. Because Petra, and Meili as well, were being plagued by the same inexplicable sensation as Emilia.

"This is—"

The moment she saw Ram, an inexplicable, massive, wordless agitation welled up.
Petra felt that this mysterious, overwhelming sensation was similar to the "Gluttony"-derived sickness they had discussed earlier. However, while she had felt strong malice in that sickness, she felt none in this sensation.
This wasn't that; it was something else, a strong, strong, *attraction*—a sensation of something being powerfully pulled out of her by the sight of Ram in her maid uniform.
And the answer to that attraction appeared immediately from behind Ram.
It was—

"—I apologize for the delay in joining you, Emilia-sama."

Saying this, the one who lined up next to Ram was a blue-haired maid, dressed in the same maid uniform as her, performing a graceful and elegant curtsy.
Of course, it was a face she knew. However, the version of her Petra knew shouldn't have been in a state where she could wear that maid uniform and perform perfect etiquette. —No, that was also wrong.

Once again, once again, once again, her perception was revised.
No. Yes, it was wrong. The idea that she lacked the knowledge or etiquette of a maid was preposterous. Because in this world, she was the very first person to give Natsuki Subaru—and Petra, who was still just a village girl—a proper impression of what a maid should be.
Petra Leyte remembered that fact through the attraction.

In other words, the one standing there was—

"To take back Subaru-kun... Rem will dedicate her humble strength."

Yes, the original all-purpose, useful maid of the Roswaal Manor, the one in charge of polite but blunt remarks—Rem—declared this, looking straight ahead with her light blue eyes.