Arc 10 Part 11: "The Reason the Dragon Jewel Shines"

"Don't you think Sakura and Tiga are being horrible? If I had known it would come to this, I... I would have...!"

"Would you have reconsidered saving someone with your Sacrament out of a desire for self-preservation?"

"I probably would have done it anyway, but my state of mind would be completely different if I’d known versus if I hadn't!"

Philore, seemingly aware of her own impulsive nature, let out a wail of appropriate self-analysis as she glared with teary eyes at Sakura, who sat across from her. Sakura, who claimed to be like an older sister to her, met Philore’s gaze with a troubled, sloping brow.

"Even if you say that, we’re just as troubled as you are~. Subaru-chan and Beatrice-chan, you understand, don't you~?"

"I don't know why you're dragging me and Beako into this, but I’ve got a general idea of how this situation became inevitable."

"Setting aside where the responsibility lies, I can imagine Philore was the one who provided the spark, judging by your exchange, I suppose."

As they spoke, Subaru and Beatrice perfectly synchronized their sighs and head-shakes, expressing their thoughts to Sakura, who was sitting right next to them.

Currently, the seating arrangement in the reception room had the hosts—Emilia, Otto, and Philore, who was clinging to Emilia’s arm—on one sofa, while the guests—Sakura, Subaru, and Beatrice—sat side-by-side on the opposite one. Additionally, Petra stood by the wall as she had from the start, joined now by Rem, who had guided Philore in, making the room feel even more crowded.

"That said, Philore is pretty much the sole reason for the increased volume in here. Besides, why are we sitting on this side? The grouping is all wrong."

"How could you! Emilia, did you hear that? Subaru is trying to tear me away from you, his peerless friend! Could he be... an agent of the Church?"

"No matter how you look at it, *you* are the agent of the Church," Beatrice sighed at Philore’s terrified expression.

Emilia, whose arm was still being held by Philore, gave a wry smile and stroked her friend’s head.

"Now, now, don't look at Subaru like that, Philore. Subaru is very kind, and he wouldn't try to come between us. Besides, my relationship with Subaru and my relationship with you are completely different things, right?"

"T-That’s true, I suppose... By the way, is one more important than the other?"

"Eh? That’s..."

"Actually, never mind! Don't tell me! The scriptures say this: 'The trials granted by the Dragon are born of love. Just as gold increases in purity when scorched by flame, so too does the soul shine with a brilliance worthy of the Dragon’s heart after passing through hardships born of love'!"

Philore buried her face and clung to her scriptures, looking less like a devout follower of the Holy Dragon Church and more like someone using religious doctrine to shut out anything inconvenient. Because she had cut Emilia off, Subaru was left feeling a bit unsatisfied, having missed out on hearing his current standing in Emilia’s heart.

That aside—

"About what you said earlier... Philore participating in the Royal Selection. Is it really as a replacement for Priscilla?"

Leaving aside Philore, whose face was cycling through shades of red and blue, Emilia directed her question to Sakura. In response, Sakura narrowed her sleepy-looking eyes slightly.

"...At the very least, there’s no doubt that Priscilla-chan’s death is one of the reasons~. If it weren't for that, it would contradict the records on the Dragon Tablet~."

"In other words, the Dragon Tablet specifies five Dragon Maidens as candidates... and as a matter of policy, the Holy Dragon Church cannot act in defiance of that," Otto noted.

"Of course, please don't think we’re marching into the castle with our heads held high just because the premise collapsed and a vacancy opened up~. Even with Priscilla-chan gone, the Church’s policy was to maintain its distance~."

"But that didn't happen. And the reason for that is..."

Otto didn't finish the sentence, but everyone’s gaze shifted toward Philore, the one who had created the initial ripple that led to this situation. Feeling the discomfort of their stares, her throat hitched, and she clung to Emilia once more.

"I-It’s not like that, Emilia! I didn't have the slightest intention of becoming your enemy! It was just a series of bad coincidences! B-B-Besides!"

Her face pale, Philore snapped her eyes toward Sakura.

"Besides, I protest the Church’s secretive nature! All of this happened because you raised me like a sheltered princess until today! It’s not like I didn't think it was easy being exempt from the studies the other children had to do, but for it to tear me and Emilia apart... I didn't do anything wrong!"

"There, there. Don't cry, Philore. I’m not angry, and I’ve never thought of the other candidates as enemies."

"E-Emilia...!"

Emilia’s gentle stroking calmed Philore’s frantic heart. Watching this, Sakura put a hand to her mouth in surprise.

"Normally, she’d be rambling on forever by now, but Emilia-chan is really good at handling Philore-chan... Is there a trick to it~?"

"Setting aside jokes about how all Philores are neutralized before Emilia-tan’s fluffy inclusiveness... what did Philore actually come here for?" Subaru asked.

From her behavior so far, it was clear this wasn't a declaration of war for the Royal Selection. He doubted she had run all the way through the Royal Capital just to whine and make excuses.

"Is that so? I wouldn't be surprised at all if that were the case, in fact," Beatrice remarked.

"I agree, but that won't move the conversation forward..."

"Wait a moment! Do you think I’m that thoughtless? It’s true I often act without thinking, but today is different. I have a proper plan!"

"A plan?"

"Yes, a plan! I don't want to participate in the Royal Selection. But I want to fulfill my duties as a 'Saint' using my Sacraments. So, I’ll have my friend Emilia hide me, and I’ll secretly save the people of Pristella! How about that!?"

"Is this a criminal plot from a Sunday morning cartoon villain?"

It was a plan so full of holes even a child could see through it. Since the goal was helping people, it wasn't even a criminal plot, but the biggest issue was that she had already been found by Sakura. The plan had tripped at the starting line.

"Also, it would be pretty bad if it looked like we kidnapped the 'Saint' of the Holy Dragon Church," Subaru added.

"Emilia-sama is like that too, but not realizing you're a walking bomb is dangerous, isn't it?" Petra chimed in.

"Wait, does that mean Emilia and I are a perfect match...?"

"That's not the part you should be blushing at, I suppose," Beatrice sighed.

Whatever the basis for her confidence had been, Philore’s plan was flatly rejected. Furthermore, Subaru felt Philore was taking the situation a bit too lightly. She had been trying to steer the conversation toward withdrawing from the selection, but—

"You can't just throw away your status as a candidate. Right?"

"Emilia-tan..."

"I’ve been studying hard every day, too. I think I understand the Kingdom much better than I did at the start... and I know the binding force of what’s written on the Dragon Tablet. I had a reason for wanting to join the selection, but even if I didn't, I don't think I could have refused."

Looking down at Philore clinging to her arm, Emilia spoke with a serious tone.

It made sense that a candidate had no right of refusal. Subaru had discussed this with Garfiel and Petra the previous night; the covenant with the 'Dragon' in the 'Dragon-Blessed Kingdom' was absolute and deep-rooted. In fact, Felt had tried to refuse at first, but she was forced to participate in exchange for Old Rom’s safety. It meant the Kingdom would use any means necessary to ensure the Dragon Maidens recorded on the Tablet participated.

Emilia was saying the same applied to Philore.

"But... but it’s not what I wanted!"

"Yes, I’m sure that’s true. I don't think we’d be having this conversation if your insignia hadn't glowed, Philore. ...But the Dragon Jewel shone, and you were chosen. You should understand the meaning of that better than anyone."

"Uu..."

Philore looked down weakly at Emilia’s words, which carried a hint of maternal warmth. Philore was a nun of the Holy Dragon Church. Even without being told, as someone who held faith and love for the 'Dragon,' she was likely the one who felt the weight of the Tablet’s records most strongly. Her behavior up to this point could even be called a childish escape from reality.

However—

"Then... yes, then how about this? You and I can form a 'Friendship Alliance.' If we do, I’ll help you with anything so that you can become King, Emilia. If I do that, then the Royal Selection..."

"Thank you, Philore. —But, I would really, really dislike that."

Emilia declared this clearly, with a quiet but unshakeable firmness.

At the nobility in that bell-like voice, Philore’s throat made a small "hiu" sound. To show her, Emilia reached into her clothing and opened her palm, revealing her insignia. Immediately, the overflowing red light of the Dragon Jewel brilliantly illuminated the reception room.

"I told you before, I’ve had a reason for wanting to join the Royal Selection from the very beginning."

Showing the brilliance of the jewel, Emilia spoke as if to make Philore listen.

Emilia’s initial motivation for joining the selection was to borrow the power of the 'Dragon’s Blood' kept in the castle to save her frozen home. But as time passed, as she met people and learned about the world, her feelings toward the selection had begun to change. Even so, that initial wish would never fade or disappear.

And—

"It’s the same for everyone else. Crusch-san has her reasons, Anastasia-san has hers, Felt-chan has hers... and Priscilla had hers. Everyone joined the Royal Selection because there was something they wanted to do. No, that’s not it."

"Not it? What do you mean?"

"I’m sure that the people who can make the Dragon Jewel shine have a reason to participate... something they can't achieve unless they do. If that’s the case, then you must have one too."

"I... do...?"

As Philore blinked in daze, Emilia gave her a brave and lovely smile. Philore had proposed supporting her friend Emilia’s wish, but Emilia wasn't satisfied with that becoming Philore’s sole reason for being there. She couldn't accept someone joining the Royal Selection of Lugunica for such a reason.

"Please, don't just say you hate it because you're overwhelmed by what you were told. Think about it very, very carefully. You probably won't be allowed to refuse. But I don't want someone who’s only participating because they have to, to sit in Priscilla’s seat."

It was a strong statement, a declaration of will, and a prayer.

"————"

Philore blinked at Emilia, who had thrown her feelings at her head-on. No one spoke, given the tension rising between the two girls standing at zero distance. In the silence that followed, neither Subaru nor anyone else dared to intervene. They didn't want any impurities to mix into the choice that was about to be made.

"—Here."

The one who broke the silence was Emilia, who had been watching Philore from the closest vantage point. She narrowed her eyes, framed by long lashes, and held her insignia out to Philore.

Philore reflexively took it. Even if the reason was unconscious, the Dragon Jewel did not choose its time to shine.

"—If I... if I were to participate in the Royal Selection."

As she whispered, the Dragon Jewel in Philore’s hand shone just as brightly as it had for Emilia. While watching the light that matched the color of her own eyes, Philore made her declaration. What creed would she uphold in the face of the inescapable fate of the Royal Selection?

"I want to refresh the relationship between the Kingdom and the Church. So that the people in the castle and the people in the Church don't hesitate to reach out to one another because of strange obsessions."

"————"

"If I become King, I’ll make this a country where no one hesitates to help someone in need."

It was nothing more than a borrowed ideal, lacking in detail. But it was Philore’s own wish to break through the constraints and frustrations she had felt growing up as a member of the Holy Dragon Church. And seeing her hold that wish, no one would laugh at her as a mere placeholder forced onto a pedestal.

"...I knew we should have turned away unannounced visitors."

Subaru heard Otto mutter this under his breath at Philore’s conclusion. Dressed lightly without his hat and mantle, he ran his fingers through his grey hair, reflecting on what had just transpired. Subaru understood why Otto felt that way.

"A super powerful rival has appeared at the last minute."

"I think this was a laughably beneficial act for the enemy... and the fact that it was prompted by none other than our own leader is the real problem."

"Don't worry. Emilia-tan gets... you know, better, the stronger her opponent is."

"If you want to encourage me, could you say something that makes more sense!?"

"I actually feel a bit sorry for Otto this time, I suppose. But..."

Beatrice trailed off, narrowing her eyes as she looked at the dazzling sight of Emilia and Philore. Subaru felt the same. Certainly, if you only looked at the facts, you could say she had done something foolish. He could already see a hilarious image of Roswaal collapsing to his knees when he heard the report.

But it was worth it. In exchange for the appearance of a powerful rival—

"—I won't lose to you either, Philore."

—Emilia, aiming to be King, had undoubtedly leveled up.

***

"—And so, I humbly accept the request to participate in the Royal Selection."

With one hand over her heart and the other making her insignia flash brilliantly, Philore made her declaration boldly and fearlessly, as if there were nothing to hold her back.

The location was the Royal Castle—not the Throne Room where they were usually summoned, but a conference hall used for more compact discussions. In a space about the size of a classroom, there was a round table where about twenty people could sit. Apparently, meetings of the Council of Sages and civil officials were often held here.

"Look, Subaru. On the day the Royal Selection started, after you were kicked out of the room, this was the conference room where everyone moved to talk."

"Ah, the place behind where Julius was beating the crap out of me."

"I still can't remember that... Subaru, did you have a fight with Julius? You made up... didn't you? That’s why you two are such good friends now."

"Whether he and I are 'good friends' is one thing, but it was a necessary event for me and Emilia-tan to become this close."

Subaru responded with a wry smile to Emilia’s whispered explanation. In a world where Julius’s 'Name' had been erased, he didn't really want to dig deep into how his own pathetic display that day was remembered by those involved, even as a lesson.

Fortunately, there were many empty seats in the conference room today, so few of the people from that day were present. After all, this was a top-secret meeting; the number of people from each camp was kept to a minimum. From the Emilia camp, only Emilia, Subaru, and his partner Beatrice had been allowed in.

However, one of the very limited participants—the long-bearded old man who welcomed them—was indeed one of the people from that day.

That man—Miklotov McMahon of the Council of Sages—looked at Philore, who had undergone a refreshing change of heart.

"Hmm. That answer is very welcome for us, as the ones who issued the request... but may I ask again? Although I gave permission, why are Emilia-sama and Natsuki-dono accompanying you here?"

"I was consulting with them this morning before coming to the castle. Emilia is my irreplaceable friend, and Subaru is her knight... Honestly, I wanted to bring everyone from Emilia’s camp who supported my resolution."

"If you did that, both I and the Church would lose face~," Sakura, the only one accompanying Philore from the Church’s side, said with a troubled look.

Philore looked dissatisfied with that answer, but since it would be strange to have the entire Emilia camp present for her big moment, Sakura’s opinion was more reasonable. However, it seemed Miklotov, stroking his long beard, had been caught by a different part of Philore’s words. The wise elder narrowed his intelligent eyes and let out his habitual "Hmm."

"Friends, are you? Lady Philore of the Holy Dragon Church and Lady Emilia."

"...Is this that thing again? Like, 'Emilia-tan is a silver-haired half-elf and Philore is a nun of the Holy Dragon Church, so how can they be friends?' Are you still on about that?"

"Wait, Subaru..."

Emilia restrained Subaru, who had instinctively leaned forward at the murmur. But there were no other reliable allies here besides him and Beatrice. In that case, Subaru had to speak up to Miklotov on behalf of everyone. As the first knight entrusted with Emilia, he had to stand firm against any injustice.

"Miklotov-san, you should know about Emilia’s work over the last year and a half. Knowing all that, I want the important people of this country to stop looking at her through colored glasses. The half-elf thing... isn't it enough already?"

"To say 'it is enough' is perhaps ignoring the public sentiment a bit too much. From the start, it has been clear that there are no commonalities between the 'Witch' and Lady Emilia other than their appearance and race... but that alone carries great weight. You understand this, don't you?"

"Ngh..."

Miklotov pushed back Subaru’s aggressive stance with seasoned rhetoric. The problem here was the fundamental common sense of the inhabitants of this world, something Subaru couldn't quite feel for himself. And that wasn't limited to Emilia being a silver-haired half-elf.

"Inevitably, your becoming a Royal Selection candidate as a nun of the Holy Dragon Church will be met with great surprise by the people. This also deviates significantly from custom. It was a very difficult decision."

"...Yes, I think I understand that. But."

"Hmm. But what?"

"—But if that’s the case, why did you go so far as to bring me into the Royal Selection?"

Philore’s question was a natural one. Miklotov’s tone suggested that the castle side wasn't exactly thrilled to welcome a candidate from the Holy Dragon Church.

"I am a nun of the Holy Dragon Church... I understand the necessity of strictly following the Dragon Tablet’s records, but even if Priscilla Barielle passed away, the fact remains that the selection began with five qualified maidens. The records shouldn't be considered violated."

"Or has the Dragon Tablet been updated? Does it now say that if one of the five maidens is lost, a substitute should be found and promoted?" Beatrice added.

"No, there have been no reports of the Dragon Tablet’s text changing. However, regarding this matter, it is less our intention and more a matter of public sentiment."

"Public?"
"Sentiment?"

Subaru and Emilia tilted their heads, confused by Miklotov’s answer. Miklotov lowered his voice slightly.

"It will eventually become common knowledge, but please keep this confidential for now. It seems rumors are circulating among the populace. —That the 'Saint' of the Holy Dragon Church saved Duchess Karsten."

"—!"

"The castle had issued a gag order on this matter. Of course, information leaks like raindrops even if you try to shut it out... but it has spread specifically that this 'Saint' possesses the same characteristics as the missing Princess of Lugunica."

"That’s basically a total information leak!"

Miklotov clouded his face as if it were a grievous mistake, but if that were true, the castle’s information control had failed miserably.

"I don't suppose, Philore... you were so happy about saving Crusch-san that you went around bragging about it in a good mood?"

"That would explain it, I suppose."

"Don't explain it! And I didn't do that! I have some discretion! Sure, I might have told the people close to me because I wanted to use it as leverage to persuade the Church. But I wouldn't go around shouting it in the streets!"

"Hmm, Beako?"

"I’d say it’s a grey that’s as close to black as possible, I suppose."

Subaru generally agreed with Beatrice’s harsh assessment. He felt bad for Philore as she stomped her feet in frustration, but no matter how much she insisted she hadn't done it, she still gave off the vibe that she probably had.

In any case, regardless of who was responsible for the rumors—

"Then, is it possible that the rumor of Philore making the insignia shine has also spread? Is everyone upset that it would be strange not to include her in the selection?"

"It hasn't reached that point yet. However, Lady Priscilla’s passing will soon be officially announced. At that time, if Lady Philore’s existence is known, voices calling for her participation in the selection will naturally overflow in the streets."

"So you're doing the groundwork beforehand because it’s already a foregone conclusion..."

If Philore’s entry was inevitable anyway, it made sense to move things along early to keep things transparent for everyone. While Subaru understood the adult logistics, it still bothered him that Philore essentially had no right of refusal. If she hadn't talked with Emilia beforehand, she would have entered the selection with the worst possible mindset, lacking any of the necessary resolve.

"Now, now, don't make such a sour face, Subaru-chan~. Things worked out well in the end, so the process doesn't matter, does it~?"

"...Are you okay with that, Sakura-san? Originally, Philore wasn't supposed to be let out of the Church, and her joining the selection was unplanned, right?"

"—Whether we wish it or not, a leaf can only be tossed about by the wind and water."

"————"

Subaru was momentarily taken aback by the sudden drop in Sakura’s tone. In that one sentence, there was a poignant sense of nihilism—as if it contained a hollow resignation, like an old, dying tree with a gaping hole in its trunk. It felt as though she wasn't talking about Philore, but rather expressing her own resignation.

"Well, what will be, will be~. Besides, even if she’s motivated, she’s starting a year and a half late, so she might not even be a match for the others~."

"Wait, Sakura! Why do you always throw cold water on my motivation! If I’m doing this, I’m going to win... my tenacity is exactly like the 'Dragon's'!"

"I was wondering, how does the Holy Dragon Church feel about Philore casually using the 'Dragon' as a punchline like that?"

"I suppose they’d call it... blasphemy?"

"Blasphemy!!"

Subaru noted that the Church was harsher than he thought, and that her attitude was indeed not recommended. Philore truly maintained a stance far removed from the typical image of a saint.

At any rate, with most of his questions answered, Subaru now understood the purpose of this secret meeting and why the participants were so limited. It was, so to speak, an informal announcement to confirm the intentions and policies of those involved before the official public notice.

As he thought that far, a new concern occurred to him.

"Hey, if Philore is becoming a candidate, does that mean she’ll appoint her own knight, like me and Emilia-tan and the other candidates?"

"Ah, Subaru, you might be misunderstanding something."

"Misunderstanding?"

"Um, it just so happens that all the current candidates have knights, but it’s not an absolute requirement. After all, Anastasia-san and I didn't have knight contracts with Julius and you from the very beginning, right?"

"That’s true for me, but Julius was Anastasia-san’s knight from the start."

"Ah, is that so? I have to remember that properly, for Julius’s sake."

While Emilia made a slight correction due to the influence of the 'Name' being gone, Subaru accepted the explanation. Certainly, in the beginning, Roswaal had accompanied Emilia as her backer, but Subaru as a knight was absent—or rather, he hadn't earned that trust yet. So, a knight might not be strictly necessary for a candidate.

"But I think it adds more prestige if you have one. What are you going to do? Is there anyone near Philore who meets the criteria... maybe 'My Friend'?"

"My frie... you mean Tiga. That might be good. Philore seems to be very close with Tiga..."

"Eeeh, Tiga as my knight? That doesn't feel special at all!"

Emilia had clapped her hands in agreement with Subaru’s suggestion, but Philore herself protested with unbelievable intensity.

"Sure, Tiga is capable, so he’d probably do a decent job if appointed, but he’s always lecturing me, and he suspects me the moment anything happens. He lacks the respect and loyalty a knight needs! Besides, he follows me around everywhere even now without being a knight, so there’s no point in specifically appointing him. Rejected! I reject it!"

"Well, he’d be *your* knight, so I guess you can do what you want... Wait, how do you usually appoint a knight anyway?"

In Subaru’s case, he had been knighted by Emilia and took his current position by remaining her knight, but how did it work for Reinhard or Julius? Welcoming a knight shouldn't be limited to Royal Selection candidates, but Subaru felt ashamed of his ignorance regarding how those contracts worked.

"Hmm, let’s see. In many cases, a knight seeks out a lord and swears loyalty for an appointment. However, for a famous knight, one might promise a high salary or favorable treatment and request them to serve."

"Oh, I didn't expect Miklotov-san to explain it. ...By the way, do you employ your own knights, Miklotov-san?"

"There are many who have long served my house and in whom I place my trust. Generally speaking, one who has a skilled knight pledge their sword to them earns a certain level of respect."

"That... well, I can understand that."

In fact, the status of having the 'Sword Saint' or the 'Greatest of Knights' as one’s first knight had likely added significant prestige to Felt’s and Anastasia’s names. The fame of the first knight was an important barometer in the Royal Selection. —Was Subaru truly being a source of strength for Emilia as her knight? And would Crusch, who had dismissed Ferris as her first knight, consider taking a new one in the future?

"————"

*I hope she doesn't.* Thinking that, as if clinging to it, was what Ferris would call Subaru’s arrogance—wanting everything to go his way. The unavoidable rift that had formed between the two of them... perhaps if they took some time and calmed down, they might find a different answer. So until then, he wanted the seat to remain empty.

Subaru was becoming sentimental, prepared for his own arrogance.

"...Now, Miklotov-sama just said this, didn't he? That for an excellent knight, you should even plead with them to come to your side."

"—? What Betty heard and the level of passion seem quite different, I suppose."

"...I also feel like the nuance was completely different."

Philore muttered, her fists clenched tightly as she suppressed her emotions. Beatrice’s reaction brought Subaru back from his sentimentality to reality.

Whether she just had ears that were incredibly convenient for her, Philore had interpreted Miklotov’s statement in her own way, and her cheeks were slightly flushed. Her feelings seemed to be soaring to the point where her face was heating up—

"Do you have someone in mind you want as your knight, Philore?"

"—! How did you... is it because we’re best friends?"

"Yes, maybe. So, what kind of person is it?"

"I’ll tell you now, Reinhard is already sold out," Subaru warned.

"And naturally, Subaru is permanently reserved by Betty and Emilia, I suppose."

Drawing the attention of Subaru, the two girls, Sakura, and Miklotov, Philore gave a meaningful "fufufu" smile. Matching their gazes, she threw open her thick scriptures in front of her.

"Listen to this! The scriptures say: 'The arm of a man swings the sword, but the will of the Dragon handles life. The footsteps of the chosen knight shall turn even trails of blood into a silver path'!"

"Um, and that means?"

"In short, the one worthy of being my knight is someone recognized by the 'Dragon'!"

Subaru felt a hint of arbitrary interpretation, but ultimately, when talking about a knight recognized by the 'Dragon,' no one but Reinhard came to mind. You could argue that Emilia, who had cleared the 'Trial' on the first floor of the Pleiades Watchtower, also met the criteria if you interpreted it broadly enough.

"A development where a candidate becomes another candidate’s knight would be an interesting twist, but Emilia-tan has me, so that plot is rejected."

"Emilia as my knight... t-that was indeed an intriguing idea. But my hopes and expectations are different. Please don't distract me anymore."

Subaru didn't say anything to Philore, feeling caught between 'don't waver over something like that' and 'it’s understandable to waver if the comparison is Emilia.' Ignoring Subaru’s thoughts, Philore cleared her throat.

"Ready? Are you ready? As I said, if I, the 'Saint' of the Holy Dragon Church, am to stand as a Royal Selection candidate, my knight must be recognized by the 'Dragon.' And as far as I know, there is only one person who meets that criteria—"

When that title was pushed forward, only one person naturally came to mind. Ironically, it was someone she would not only be competing with for the throne, but someone she was destined to clash with over who was the true survivor of the Lugunica Royal Family.

The first knight serving Felt, the 'Sword Saint' Reinhard van Astrea—

"—Lord Heinkel Astrea."

————.
——————.
————————.

"Hah!?"

Subaru let out an ugly sound, feeling like he’d heard the wrong answer. But Philore, having finished her statement, had a triumphant look on her face, while Emilia and Beatrice beside him were wide-eyed with shock, just like Subaru.

It was an Astrea, but a different one than they had expected.

"...Uh, Philore?"

"W-What is it? Everyone’s reaction is... a bit strange?"

"Of course it’s strange! Could you please say that one more time? Who is the one worthy of being the knight of the 'Saint' of the Holy Dragon Church?"

"I don't want to have to repeat myself so many times... Lord Heinkel Astrea."

Philore tilted her head, uttering the name that didn't change no matter how many times they heard it. From her perspective, Subaru and the others’ reactions were the ones that didn't make sense. And that was natural. After all, to her, the person known as Heinkel Astrea was—

"—I wish to appoint Lord Heinkel Astrea, a member of the 'Sword Saint' lineage who overcame the 'Dragon’s Blood' he was bathed in and became an immortal knight, as my knight."

Yes, Philore, who had become the sixth Royal Selection candidate, proudly declared that the 'Sword-Bearer' Heinkel Astrea was the only one worthy to be her first knight.