Arc 5 Interlude: "The Conditions of a Mated Pair"

*I feel like so many things have been tossed aside, left hanging in the air.*
*Two extremes of emotion—having done everything I could, and not having done nearly enough—struggled inside my chest.*

*I was never the type who was good at thinking to begin with.*
*It would be so much better to just move around, to run around, without having to think about anything at all.*
*Maybe this is my punishment for abandoning thought like that.*

"What the hell was so 'magnificent' about it...?"

*Still unable to find an answer to those final words left to him by that hero.*
*In the end, was he still just half-baked? He harbored a tearful sentimentality.*


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Kicking off the ground with ease, he slid into the collapsed building.
Squeezing his small frame inside to peer about, he saw that the interior was in a truly terrible, ransacked state. At least as far as he could recall, this place had played no part in the battles that decided the city's fate. Therefore, this devastation was likely the aftermath of conflicts among the panicked citizens themselves.

"No obvious scents left behind, though, naturally."

Snorting, he looked around the scene.
Traces that made one want to look away—blood splatters and damaged walls—could be found here and there, but neither the remnants of frenzy nor the scent of blood lingered here anymore.

"—Huh?"

Just as he was about to give up and head back, finding no noteworthy results, his feet came to a halt. In the corner of the ruined room, he spotted a small doll that had been dropped.

A human-shaped doll, left behind by whoever had dropped it. It was small enough to fit in the palm of one's hand, and miraculously, despite being in a place like this, it was neither dirty nor broken.

"..."

Picking it up and lightly brushing off the dust, he found himself looking around, even though there was no way the owner would be nearby. It was just a single doll; leaving it behind wouldn't change anything, but—

"Tch."

Letting out a click of his tongue, he shoved the doll into his coat pocket and exited the building. Leaning out from a window that had lost its glass, he nimbly made his way down to the ground, using the handholds and footholds on the building's exterior wall.

"Ah! He's back!"
"It's true! You're amazing, kid."

Noticing him climb down using his acrobatic skills, several people working on the ground rushed over. Their faces were all filled with a mix of anxiety and expectation, and honestly, the fact that he probably couldn't satisfy either of those feelings weighed heavily on him.

"How was it inside, kid?"

"Sorry, no luck. There's no one left inside, and I didn't find what you were looking for."

"I see..."

Dusting off his knees as he landed, he answered the person who had run up to him. For a moment, the middle-aged man's face darkened at the response, but he quickly recovered and nodded.

"Well, if no one's inside, that means we can put this building on the back burner for now. You've been a big help, young man. The stairs were collapsed, so we were in a real bind not being able to easily check the inside."

"No way I could just sit back and watch you do somethin' that reckless. I respect the guts it takes to tie a rope around yourself and climb a wall, but you should lose a little weight first."

"You can say that again! Wahaha, you saved my life!"

Slapping Garfiel's shoulder cheerfully, the middle-aged man raised a hand, said, "Thanks a lot," and headed toward the next building. Watching the man and a few other helpers move on, Garfiel crossed his arms and pondered what to do next.
Then,

"—Hm?"

"..."

What caught his eye was a couple of figures looking up at the building he had just exited.

It was a mother and child. A teary-eyed young girl was clutching the hand of her plump mother. When the mother whispered something to her, the girl looked down and shook her head side to side, over and over.

He couldn't quite tell what they were talking about, but this was hardly a safe environment for a family spat or parenting. He was about to go speak to them and urge them to move away, when he suddenly noticed something.

"..."

He sniffed, realizing a certain connection.
Rummaging in his pocket, the doll he had picked up from inside the building peeked out. Raising it to sniff, he found that the faint scent lingering on it indeed matched the scent drifting from the girl.

"Is this what you're lookin' for, by any chance?"

"—!"

Approaching the parent and child, he gently held out the doll in his hand. The girl, initially startled at being addressed, widened her eyes when she noticed the doll.
As her hand reached out timidly to grab it, her teary eyes swelled even more with a completely different kind of emotion.

"Thank you so much. She was looking for this little one the whole time..."

"Don't sweat it. Yours truly just happened to find it by chance."

Being thanked by the mother, he shook his head, indicating he hadn't done anything special.
In truth, he didn't feel like he had achieved anything major. While it was a joyous occasion for the girl who had been looking for her doll, it was of little consequence when placed on the balance of human lives and hearts.
Right now, what was demanded of him was a much greater role—

"And yet, yours truly still hasn't figured out what that is."

Without thinking, he patted the head of the girl clutching her doll and muttered.
Then, he raised the palm that had brushed her head and stared intensely at it.

"?"

"It's nothin'. Don't go losin' it again."

Because his luck surely wouldn't hold out long enough to find it a second time.
With that, Garfiel Tinzel gave the girl a weak smile, flashing his fangs.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Three days had already passed since the series of disturbances in the Water Gate City of Priestella had reached their conclusion.
The scars left on the city by that chaos, which had originated with the Witch Cult, were deep and immense.

Left behind as visible, indelible scars were the victims of the Authorities of the Sin Archbishops of Lust and Gluttony. The issues of the "mutated citizens" and the "nameless" people were particularly severe, and it was said that hopes for a solution to these matters rested upon the knowledge of the "Sage" Shaula.

Garfiel, who had not participated in the meeting, didn't have a firm grasp of the detailed flow of the discussions. However, the mention of the Sage, one of the "Three Great Heroes" remaining in the history of the Kingdom of Lugunica, stirred deep feelings within him.

By nature, Garfiel had always loved learning about legends, folklore, and the anecdotes of great figures and heroes who had left their names in history.
Naturally, the Three Great Heroes were among his store of knowledge. His admiration for the "Divine Dragon," the "Sword Saint," and the "Sage" was strong, and he was well aware that his interest in the Sage was particularly intense.

This was because, among the Three Great Heroes, "Sage" Shaula was a figure about whom outstandingly little information was told.

The "Divine Dragon," whose existence was revered in the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica and passed down in fairy tales.
The "Sword Saint," who had reigned as the kingdom's strongest for generations and remained a visible legend even now.
Compared to both of them, there were far too few words spoken about the Sage's name or anecdotes.

What did they look like? What was their origin? What were their beliefs?
Everything from their personality and personal history to what happened to them afterward was completely vague.
It was commonly said that they secluded themselves in the Pleiades Watchtower, keeping watch over the "Witch's Shrine" while praying for world peace—but how much of that was actually true remained uncertain.

So, of course, under normal circumstances, there was no way he wouldn't have volunteered to accompany them on the journey to visit the Sage. He would never miss a chance to meet a figure who had carved their name into history.
Naturally, considering their objective, he had enough tact to avoid letting his personal admiration show. While maintaining that level of discretion, he still would have volunteered.

But this time, the idea of volunteering for that journey hadn't even crossed his mind.
Surely, that was because he had far too many lingering regrets in this place.

"The Boss probably saw right through yours truly's worries."

The wounds he had received in the defensive battle, and guarding Otto, who was also staying in the city due to his injuries.
That was the task assigned to him by Subaru, who was leaving the city to head for the Pleiades Watchtower.

"I don't think they will, but we can't rule out the possibility of a Sin Archbishop making a U-turn just to spite us. If that happens, you're the only fighting force left in the city I can rely on."
"Make sure Otto doesn't push himself too hard. And you, don't do anything reckless either. Even though I know saying that to you is probably useless."
"Don't make such a worried face. I'll handle things fine on my end. You just wait for the good news. Well, I'm off to get some work done."

Those were roughly the words Subaru had left him with before departing.
Left behind in the city, Garfiel had put on his usual front and given Subaru, Emilia, and the others a strong send-off, but inside, he was suffering from a loss of confidence.

In the end, though various reasons had been given, the ultimate truth was likely that he had been left behind because he was deemed useless as he was now.

If Subaru deemed it necessary, he was the kind of man who would drag Garfiel along even if Garfiel was beaten black and blue. And Garfiel, in turn, trusted him enough that if Subaru declared he was needed, he would lend his strength even if he were on the verge of death.
The fact that it hadn't happened meant exactly that.

"Yours truly is useless as I am now. —The Boss is a tough one, after all."

Which meant Natsuki Subaru, a veteran of psychological warfare, had seen right through his shallow poker face. Realizing that too late only proved that it was only natural for his inner thoughts to be read and for him to be left behind.
It was only natural, but—

"But as for what the hell I'm supposed to do about it... I still haven't found the answer."

He was aware that he was running in place.
And he had a few ideas as to the causes of this stagnation.

But he couldn't see how he should face them, or what the correct path forward was. That was why Garfiel's feet remained frozen.

"..."

So, at the very least, he lent his strength to the city's reconstruction with those feelings in his heart.
His arms, which had been severely wounded in the battle against Kurgan, were showing signs of recovery—if not completely healed—thanks to the power of his "Divine Protection of Earth Spirits" and his own healing magic.
While fighting at full capacity was out of the question, removing rubble or utilizing his agility for minor scouting tasks, like earlier, was well within his capabilities.

Of course, he knew this was merely a form of escapism.
As long as he kept his body moving and worked for someone else's sake, he didn't have to think about how he was running in place, and he could prevent those around him from realizing he had stopped.
Garfiel was aware of his own weakness—aware that this was likely why he was doing it.

*—Garfiel Tinzel did not know that this was, in fact, very close to the behavior Natsuki Subaru had once recognized in himself to mask his own weakness.*

Compared to Natsuki Subaru, who had recognized it and still turned his eyes away, Garfiel was trying to face himself in a much more admirable fashion.
He did not know that Subaru, seeing this, had left him behind with the judgment that Garfiel would surely overcome this on his own without needing to be told anything.
He did not know, but—

"Oh! Found Garf! Super energetic! You sure love high places, Garf!"

Subaru also knew there were plenty of people around who would help him realize that.
And thus, Garfiel was neither as foolish nor as worthless as he believed himself to be.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"Hum-hum-hum-hum-huuum, hum-hum-hum-hum-huuum♪"

"...You're incredibly energetic, aren't ya?"

Garfiel let out a sigh, glancing sideways at Mimi, who was humming cheerfully beside him.
Mimi had come to invite him to lunch in the middle of his reconstruction work. While Garfiel had secretly wanted to keep moving his body to shake off his lingering worries, he couldn't think of an excuse to reject the pushy girl's invitation and ended up being dragged along by sheer force.

"Hmm, Garf thinks so too? Actually, Mimi thought so too! But Hetaro and Tivey are super noisy telling me to stay quiet, so I have no choice! The Captain lost a hand and is completely out of it too, so it's like, I gotta stand tall as the Vice-Captain!"

Hearing Garfiel's sigh, Mimi spoke rapidly with a suddenly bright face. Twitching the ears on her head, the girl puffed out her chest and threw a couple of swift punches. "Whoosh, whoosh!"

"I'm tellin' ya, don't go gettin' cocky like that so fast."

"Fugaa!"

Her movements were agile and her punches had weight behind them, but that very speed only made Garfiel anxious. Grabbing the scruff of the restless girl's collar, Garfiel lifted her up.
Suspended in the air, Mimi let out a cat-like squeak. The moment her eyes met Garfiel's, a broad, delighted grin spread across her face. Looking at that carefree, thoughtless expression, Garfiel felt like worrying was somehow utterly ridiculous.

"You've been through a load of crap too, but you never show a worried face, do ya?"

"Heh-heh-heh, nope! Never show weakness! Being tough and clever is Mimi's selling point! Fallen for me? Fallen for me?"

"Not a chance."

"Oh, okay."

Without showing even a hint of disappointment, Mimi swayed gently, looking thoroughly amused.
She wasn't particularly heavy, and it would be bad for his heart if he set her down only for her to run wild again.
With Mimi dangling from one hand, Garfiel made his way toward the dining hall allocated to them. Incidentally, Kiritaka was sponsoring the living expenses of those who had contributed to the city's defense, including Garfiel and Mimi. Lodging and meals were part of that arrangement.
Since labor and goods were currently scarce all over the city, Garfiel had no intention of being picky. It was what Subaru occasionally called a "win-win" situation.

"Hey, runt. How's your stomach feelin'?"

"Hmm, super hungry! Tummy's rumbling-rumbles! Let's go eat quick!"

"Not your digestive tract, I mean the windtunnel in your torso. Your wound, idiot."

"Ah, that! Yeah, it feels pretty good! Mimi is completely fine. But Hetaro and Tivey still seem to be having a tough time? Looks like they took on quite a bit of Mimi's wound. They really are hopeless, those two."

Crossing her short arms, Mimi nodded with a proud snort.
Mimi had taken a deep wound to shield Garfiel. It was a life-threatening injury, and a nightmarish one that healing magic could not close.
What had barely kept Mimi alive were her two younger twin brothers. Thanks to the effect of their "Divine Protection of Trisection," which allowed the siblings to share wounds and fatigue, the two brothers took on their older sister's burden, successfully preserving all three of their lives, albeit at great physical cost.

After that, they had simply been resting while waiting for healing magic to do its work, but it was quite ironic that the sister who had actually sustained the wound was recovering much faster than her two brothers.
It was also rather pitiful for the brothers to receive such an assessment from their sister after going to such lengths for her.

"Your brothers are gettin' zero reward here. Don't ya think you should show 'em some actual gratitude?"

"Gratitude, huh? Mimi gets that. I get what Garf's trying to say, but Mimi is the big sister, after all! I have to get mad at Hetaro and Tivey!"

"Huh?"

"I'm super-duper happy about how they feel, but if those two die because they got dragged down with Mimi, that would be bad for Mimi too! Life is important! Super important! Their lives are extra-specially important! So they shouldn't waste them on Mimi! Missy said wasting things is a big no-no!"

"..."

While still being held by Garfiel, Mimi swung her long tail to balance herself. Garfiel's eyes widened at the words of the girl, who was crossing her arms with a rare, serious expression.
He had fully expected some nonsensical logic to fly out of her mouth again.

"You actually think about stuff, don't ya."

"Of course! Gorgeous Mimi is smart! Admirable! A prime catch! Fallen for me? Fallen for me?"

"Nope."

"Aww, too bad."

Still dangling and swaying, Mimi cackled at Garfiel's reply.
Faced with such an open, candid smile, Garfiel scratched his cheek and let out another sigh.

"But look, the same logic applies to your brothers, doesn't it?"

"Hmm?"

"Their big sis was dyin'. If they had the means to save you right in their hands, of course they're gonna try it. Even if they get yelled at for it later."

"Mmm..."

Of course, he understood Mimi's logic.
If someone precious to you risked their life to save yours, it would make you happy, but at the same time, it was terrifying.
Garfiel could never bring himself to tell someone he loved that he wanted them to die with him. Garf felt like even if he spent his whole life trying, he would never be able to say it.

*What about Ram?* he suddenly wondered.
He felt like Ram would accept both dying with the one she loved and having them die with her. But since the person she looked at was *that bastard*, that partner would inevitably have to be *that bastard* too.

"Mmm-mmm-mmm! But it's still a no-no! Mimi is definitely gonna get super-duper mad at them! I've decided!"

"...Is that so..."

"I'll say thank you, and then give 'em a good whack! Hetaro and Tivey probably knew Mimi would say that, so if they knew and did it anyway, I guess there's no helping it. It's tough being loved so much!"

"..."

"To risk dying together means we want to live together, right? And if that's how it is, then the big sister is just gonna keep being the big sister, and Hetaro and Tivey are just gonna keep being Hetaro and Tivey."

Mimi had found her own answer to her brothers' devotion with utter lightheartedness.
Expressed in words, it was an incredibly simplistic answer, one that might even be deemed lacking in affection, but it pierced straight into Garfiel regardless.
Like an unceremonious finger thrust inside him to stir up his cloudy thoughts, the sediment that had settled at his very bottom rose once more, spreading through his entire body with a sickening feeling.

"Then..."

And so, Garfiel forced out words as if biting down on that unpleasant feeling.
Glaring at the dangling Mimi, he clicked his regrown fangs once, twice—

"Then why did you shield yours truly back then? You shielded me, got hurt so bad you almost died, and then...!"

To be shielded like that, to have her receive a wound that could have killed her, to have her shake up his heart so thoroughly with such a monumental act—how could she do something like that?
Even though she got angry when her brothers risked their lives for her, why did she risk her own life like that for Garfiel, a complete stranger she had met only a few days prior?

*When I haven't even thanked her for that time, or said a word about being glad she survived...*

"Well, that's because Mimi is in love with Garf, so I couldn't help it! It's so embarrassing!"

"—Tch! We're talkin' about a matter of a few days at most!"

Garfiel grit his teeth at the words of Mimi, who was scratching her head in embarrassment.
Yes, feelings born of a mere few days. For now, he could accept her statement of being in love at face value. How Garfiel would respond to her feelings wasn't the important part here.
What mattered was the strength and depth of those feelings. It had only been a few days.

The years Garfiel had spent loving Ram numbered seven—roughly half of his entire life.
For that entire span of time, he had loved a single girl. Though he had been rejected for just as many years, he had never once thought of giving up; he was infatuated with her, wanted her, and had shown it through all his words and actions.
That was precisely why—

"When we barely had any time together, why did you..."

Risk even your life for me?
When you're loved so much that your brothers would risk their lives to protect you. How could you direct that kind of love toward someone like me?

"Roshi told me once before!"

"...Huh?"

"The conditions of a mated pair!"

An unfamiliar phrase popped out, causing Garfiel to furrow his brows in confusion. At that, Mimi suddenly spun around, slipped out of Garfiel's grasp, and landed on the ground. Tumbling right in front of him, she pointed the fingers of both hands straight at him with a sharp "Bam!"
And then,

"A mated pair lives together and spends years and decades and centuries together, right?"

"Centuries is way too extreme of an exception..."

"If feelings are eternal, centuries are super-duper short! And since you spend all that time together, you'll probably fight and fight over food sometimes, right?"

"..."

The scale of their fights felt incredibly small, but Garfiel listened in silence.
It would be bad if she got worked up and opened her closed wounds. He would let her talk and do as she pleased, and then catch her once she calmed down—

"Like, you should pick someone who you can enjoy those fights and food-stealing with! Also, he said you can usually tell at a glance who's gonna fit you perfectly!"

"At a glance, huh..."

"Mimi looked at Garf and went 'perfect fit'! So, even if we only just fit perfectly, if we're gonna be together for hundreds of years, that's basically a rounding error, right? It's an advance payment on the future! Yeah, that thing Missy talked about! An advance! And then, a ten-percent interest rate!"

"Huh..."

Garfiel was dumbfounded by Mimi, who puffed out her chest proudly.
Advances, ten-percent interest... he had no idea what she was talking about. So, basically, what? She meant she was borrowing the bond of the hundreds of years they would spend together in advance?
And because of that, she was able to move—was that her logic?

"...But you could've died."

"Hmm?"

"If you had died then, advances wouldn't have meant jack shit. And yet..."

"Hey, Garf, is your head okay?"

As Garfiel muttered in pain, Mimi tapped her own head with a finger as she asked.
To be asked that by the last person he wanted to hear it from left Garfiel utterly speechless. Then, Mimi crossed her arms grandly and said:

"Risking dying together means we want to live together, right? And both Mimi and Garf are alive, so why are you whining so much? You're gonna go bald!"

"..."

"Oh? Did Garf just smile? Hey, you smiled, right?"

Facing the round eyes of Mimi, who peered up at him, Garfiel's fangs clicked.
The clicking sound of his fangs grew closer and closer together, soon blending with a chuckle before erupting into a roaring laugh.

"Whoa! Garf's laughing like crazy! Did something funny happen?"

"You're the funny one, runt. Ah, damn it, crap."

"Mimi?! Well, I guess there's no helping it! Missy always said that when Mimi's around, you have no choice but to laugh!"

Mimi's clueless attitude only made him laugh harder.
No, the clueless one wasn't Mimi; it was very much himself.

Mimi likely understood the most important thing intuitively, even if she couldn't put it into words. What Garfiel couldn't be satisfied with unless it was articulated, she possessed with absolute clarity.
Perhaps that was why Garfiel felt so frustrated right now.

"...But look. By that logic, your brothers risking their lives for you is also because they want to live together, isn't it?"

"Mimi is allowed! Hetaro and Tivey aren't! That's how it is!"

"What kind of logic is that?"

His wry smile didn't fade as Mimi brandished her authority as an older sister.
Come to think of it, Frederica also occasionally—no, quite frequently, actually—used her status as his big sister to make unreasonable demands.
Well, so it was just a natural thing, then? For an older sister to make selfish demands of her younger brother out of love.

"Hmm, Garf's looking a bit better now! Mimi will praise you!"

"Yeah, yeah."

"Fallen for the Mimi who praised you? Fallen for me?"

"Nope."

"Oh, okay. But Mimi is in love with you. Don't worry!"

"...Yeah, thanks."

Mimi lined up beside him as if about to leap onto him, walking along with a bright smile.
When he patted her head, which was at just the right height, Mimi's tail popped upright and began swaying happily from side to side.

It wasn't that he had fully come to terms with Mimi's attitude up to now or the results of her life-risking action.
The point of agreement for Garfiel's acceptance and Mimi's acceptance lay in different places. It was just that he had felt, from her words at least, that Mimi was already fully satisfied.
None of Garfiel's answers—none of the lingering regrets that had surfaced like ripples in the Water Gate City—had been clearly resolved yet.

Yet, he felt as if a light had shone.
A light illuminating the path toward the answer he eventually had to find.

"Arrived at the dining hall~! Garf! Mimi is super-duper hungry!"

"I told ya, don't go running wild, it'll mess with your wounds."

He followed Mimi with a look of exasperation as she rushed eagerly into the dining hall.
The dining space, which wasn't particularly large, was currently packed with many people involved in the reconstruction efforts. Since it was right around lunchtime, even finding an empty seat was a struggle.

"Garf! Over here! This spot is open! They said sharing a table is fine!"

"Sharing... ah, sharing a table. Got it."

Displaying her usual promptness, Mimi ran through the shop and quickly secured seats for the two of them.
Heading toward the back of the shop, he found that exactly half of a four-person table was vacant. Watching Mimi sit down while wagging her tail, Garfiel reached his seat. Then, thinking that the noisy Mimi would likely cause trouble, he was about to speak to the customer sitting opposite them—

"Oh."

"What a coincidence to meet you here, Garfiel-dono."

He came face-to-face with the white-haired old man sitting in the opposite seat—Wilhelm.
Meeting the quiet gaze of the old master swordsman, Garfiel took a soft breath.

The lingering regrets of Garfiel Tinzel that remained in the Water Gate City.
A meeting that was deeply tied to the second of those solutions had just occurred here.