Arc 7 Chapter 53: "Beyond Eleven Seconds"


"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

A voice he had heard time and time again.
The raspy voice of an old man, and the voice of a woman filled with anger. And then—

"Ha, aaaaah!!"

The impact of roof tiles being stomped on heavily propagated through his feet, followed by a pipe and purple smoke swung with fierce momentum. Sweeping sideways across the sky of Chaosflame, sweeping, sweeping—

—And once more, a succession of explosive roars echoed, and that red, excruciating pain arrived.

"G-Gaaaaah—!!"

"Uau! Uaau!"

Hands clutching his face at the pain and shock of an eyeball bursting and another popping out, he collapsed on the spot. A light weight leaping upon him, pressing down—he knew that too.
Even though he knew, he couldn't deal with it. There was just far too little time.

"Guh, eeee! Aga, guh, ugigigiiii!"

A stark red field of vision, a pain like his head was splitting open, a soul crying out, *Why?*
All of it made Subaru spend those despairing ten seconds, which repeated again and again, entirely in vain.

The pain interfered with thinking, and the loss that turned the world red interfered with seeing his surroundings. Even when everything suddenly receded and returned, in just three seconds he was made to savor the exact same pain fresh all over again.

Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death—an endless, ongoing repetition.

His mind was going insane.



"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices. The pain and the redness broke for just a single moment.
But because he knew he was about to savor the exact same pain again, he was terrified to the point of his soul tearing apart.

"AAAAAHHHH—!!"

He didn't want to hear anything. He didn't want to experience the pain. Scared scared scared scared.
Opening his mouth wide, he screamed, raising his voice until his throat felt like it would tear open. He closed his eyes because he didn't want to see anything, cradled his head, and crouched down.
It was in the very next moment.

"————"

With a loud *BOOM*, an explosion echoed, and Subaru's small body was blown back, rolling across the roof. A high-pitched ringing noise faded into the distance, and as he braced for that painful, red sensation to come back, his soul cringed in terror.
However—

"—Eh?"

That pain didn't come.
The pain of one eyeball bursting and the other popping out didn't arrive. His ears were ruined and ringing with a sharp *pinnn*, but the world wasn't red. The part that hurt the most was just his throat, which he had screamed with at the top of his lungs.

"Wh... why..."

"Uau!"

Right after his stunned voice leaked out, a small body leaped onto him.
It was Louis. Louis pulled on his arm, trying to get Subaru to stand up. But there was no strength in his knees, and Subaru, who still hadn't found the answer to "why," couldn't stand.
His throat merely spasmed, and overjoyed to have been distanced from that red pain for even a split second, tears welled up. Unable to endure it, he crouched down and wept.

"Wac—"

"Now, now, that’s a bad move."

"—!"

Far away from Subaru, who was crouching and sobbing, a battle on an entirely different dimension was continuing.—No, the tide of battle tilted heavily, and in his blurry vision, he saw the woman fall to her knees.

Yorna, whose knees had buckled, and Olbart standing behind her.
Shaking his right hand, which was dyed red with blood, Olbart looked down at Yorna—who was bleeding from the corner of her mouth—and raised his eyebrows in surprise.

"Guh...!"

"Kaaah, you serious, fox girl? What kind of body do you have to survive that? Don't tell me that's why Cecilus said he couldn't cut off your head, too?"

"...There is no reason I would reveal a maiden's secrets to a brute who lays hands on children."

Clenching her molars tight, Yorna answered Olbart in a voice whose force had not waned. Hearing that, Olbart laughed aloud, "Kakahakka!"
After laughing, he shook his blood-soaked sleeve—

"You say the strangest things. Layin' hands on children is like *this*."

"Wait—!"

The black sphere extracted from his sleeve—a bomb—was pitched, flying straight toward Subaru and Louis.
Louis impulsively cut in front of Subaru, attempting to deflect it, but she was too slow.

Once again, red light exploded before Subaru's eyes, and along with Louis's body jumping out in front, Subaru's body too was swallowed by the light and torn to pieces—





"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once more, he heard the same voices.


　　　　　　　速　△▼△▼△▼△


—The moment the redness and pain disappear, close your eyes and scream.

That was the absolute law Subaru had obtained after repeating that red pain over and over since then, having escaped it only a handful of times.

At any rate, if that redness and pain came all at once, Subaru couldn't do a thing. He would weep, scream, throw a fit, and then die.
And just when he thought he had died, he would hear those voices again and suffer the red pain from the explosion.
He hated that now. He hated it. He hated it, so please, because he was scared.



"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices.
In that instant, both the pain and the redness completely receded, and for a second of relief, all strength almost drained from his body. Enduring it firmly, he did what he had to do.

"AAAAAHHHH—!!"

Roaring at the top of his lungs, he squeezed his eyes tight.
While he couldn't hear over his own loud screams, Yorna was probably swinging her pipe back, swinging through, and trying to detonate the bomb thrown by Olbart.
Therefore, immediately after that—

"—!"

Pushed by the sound and blast wave, Subaru landed hard on his backside on the roof. The corner of a tile dug into his butt, bringing a sharp pain that almost made him cry.
But he wouldn't cry. He didn't want tears to blur his vision. Because—

"I can see...!"

The eyes he timidly opened weren't burst or popped out; he could see properly.
As before, his ears were ruined, ringing with a persistent *pinnn*, and his throat hurt like it was burning, but that red pain wasn't there. He was right. Thank goodness.

If he closed his eyes and yelled, he could avoid being put through hell by that red pain.

"Uau!"

To Subaru, who was almost crying from sheer emotion, Louis frantically leaped over. He could finally see Louis's face; her blue eyes were wide, appearing to worry about Subaru.
Reflexively embracing Louis's body back, he shouted, "I'm okay!"

"U."

"I'm okay! It hurt, and it was red... ah, man, but I'm okay...!"

At any rate, once the redness and pain vanished, close your eyes and yell.
As long as he remembered that rule, there would be no suffering. That was what Subaru felt certain of as he hugged Louis's slender body—

"Well, now, it ain't 'okay' at all, see. It's from here on out, from here on out."

Immediately after, a chilling voice sounded, and Subaru reflexively looked up.
In Subaru's wide-eyed field of vision, shuriken pitched by a smirking Olbart surged toward Subaru and Louis while tracing irregular trajectories.
Dully gleaming, the shinobi's hidden weapons were all accurately aimed at lethal spots.

"Eek!"

"Such outrageous conduct shall not be forgiven."

Subaru's throat spasmed as Yorna's back appeared right in front of him. She thrust her pipe into the path of the approaching shuriken, striking down every single incoming blade.
At the same time, roof tiles peeled up to Olbart's left and right, slamming into the strange old man with the force of a mousetrap or a flyswatter.
However—

"Kakahakka! Flashy, nice-lookin', and real fun technique!"

Olbart effortlessly dodged the striking roof tiles by twisting his petite frame.
Subaru had thought that for people whose job was fighting, having a larger body gave them stronger power and a wider attack reach, making it an advantage. But Olbart's agility overturned that impression.

"But I got no use for flashy stuff like this. When it comes down to it, humans die just from a needle stickin' deep into their forehead, after all."

"Your noble lecture makes my fox ears tickle so much I can hardly bear it.—Then how about this?"

"Oh?"

In front of Olbart, who had dodged the flashy attack, Yorna struck the roof with her heel. Upon doing so, roof tiles peeled off one after another and floated up, beginning to dance in the air as they spun.
Drawing a large spiral, they swirled across the entire roof, gradually tightening their ring around Olbart at the center—just like a tornado.
And then—

"Show me a shinobi's art: how will you escape from a place with no openings?"

Before she had even finished speaking, Yorna tightly clenched her outstretched hand.
Immediately after, the swirling tornado of tiles surrounded Olbart and compressed into the center all at once. Tiles collided relentlessly against one another, echoing with the violent sound of everything being crushed to pieces.
Fierce destruction—if a human body were at the center of it, no matter how sturdy they were, they wouldn't be able to withstand the pressure and would be crushed, leaving no way to save their life.

"Au..."

Seeing the same sight, Louis gasped at that flashy destructive force.
Receiving Louis's reaction, Yorna quietly responded, "I must have startled you," and—

"I went ahead and started on my own. Showing you such a dreadful sight..."

"Hey now, don't go thinkin' it's over on your own. I'm tellin' ya, livin' until you're an old geezer means you're just that stubborn, ya know?"

"—!"

Yorna, who had been turning around, perked up her fox ears upon hearing those words. Looking toward the voice, it came from the vortex of roof tiles that had gathered and crushed the center—or rather, behind it.
With a clattering sound, the wreckage of tiles collapsed, and peeking his face out from beyond that pile was Olbart, completely unscathed despite having been at the center of that swirling destruction.
The strange old man waved his hand loosely and grinned with a face dripping with pure malice, "Yo."

"That's a shinobi's art for jumpin' clear of a place with no openings. Satisfied?"

"—Old and rotted as you may be, you are indeed one of the Divine Generals."

"Kakahakka! Talk about terrible phrasing! Besides, I was already an old geezer when I was chosen for the Nine Divine Generals, ya know? Old and rotted I may be, I was chosen 'cause I'm way stronger than the average joe. Still, what a waste of a lass."

"What do you mean?"

Sleeving his waved arm, Olbart tilted his head, causing Yorna to knit her brows.
To Yorna's question, Olbart continued, "Well, see..."

"Be it the town's folk or the kids behind ya, if ya didn't have so many things to protect, you could probably put up a proper fight with me."

"—!"

"Fightin' 'cause ya wanna protect 'em, but gettin' weaker *because* ya wanna protect 'em—that's puttin' the cart before the horse. That's why no matter how many times ya try, you can't reach His Excellency."

As he declared that, Olbart's yellow eyes pierced right through Yorna, fixing onto Subaru and Louis.
In that instant, Subaru realized they were going to be targeted again. Realizing it, he immediately gripped Louis's hand tightly—

"Yorna-san, Louis and I are gonna vanish! Do your best!"

Involving her himself and then abandoning Yorna to run away was the absolute worst.
However, if Subaru and Louis stayed here, Yorna would fight to protect them, Olbart would catch her off guard, and she would end up dying after all.
That was unacceptable. Somehow, he had to avoid that.

"Louis!"

Shouting that, Subaru pointed at his own feet while tightly squeezing Louis's hand.
Connecting the touch and the instruction, Louis responded with a "U!", and teleportation occurred.

Subaru and Louis's bodies teleported straight down into the interior of the castle, their feet touching down on a wooden floor.
Confirming that, Subaru gritted his teeth.

"Ugh...!"

His stomach churned as if turning upside down, and his head reeled. For a moment, red vision and pain flickered, but it was a disturbance on a level incomparable to *that*.
All that was left was to hope that with them gone, Yorna could fight to her heart's content—

"—! What!?"

Immediately after, what erupted above his head was an explosive sound that stimulated Subaru's freshly minted trauma.
A tremendous chain of explosions occurred, the shockwaves traveling through the roof to echo throughout the entire castle, reaching Subaru and Louis. His knees almost buckled involuntarily; holding them back desperately, Subaru looked up at the ceiling.

He couldn't see, but it was probably Olbart.
Despite scattering so many bombs earlier, he was still carrying even more around.

"—Oh. There ya are, there ya are."

"Huh?"

In Subaru's upward-looking vision, a wrinkled face passed through the ceiling and peeked downstairs.
Gasping at the suddenness of it, Subaru watched as not just his face, but Olbart's entire body slid through the ceiling, dropping straight down toward them.
Grinning, the strange old man falling from the ceiling chuckled—

"That earlier move gave me a scare, ya know. Me underestimatin' ya as just kids—my mistake, my mistake."

"Uhh-!"

In an instant, at the approaching grinning face, Louis kicked up her slender leg. However, the strange old man answered with a brief "Yo," swung his arm, and sliced her leg off at the shin.
Spinning around, Louis's white leg flew while spraying blood, accompanied by a scream.

"A—uuuuu—!!"

Eyes wide at Louis screaming in agony, Subaru tried to pull her toward him.
Whether that was to teleport away, or out of concern for the girl wailing in pain from losing a leg, he didn't know.
Either way, he couldn't even properly complete that reflex action.

"Gobu."

The moment he thought he heard a *swish*, Subaru's throat burned with a heat far worse than screaming. Blood gushing up choked his throat; he couldn't make a sound, couldn't breathe.

"It'd be a pain if ya escaped like this. Well, just your head oughta be enough to get through to the fox girl."

Saying so, Olbart's finger tapped lightly against Subaru's forehead. Instantly, his tottering neck fell forward, his head resting upon the collapsing Subaru's knees.
Because it was connected by a single strip of skin, it didn't drop completely, settling on his knees.

"A neck embrace, or somesuch."

Hearing a bad joke like that—one he couldn't even laugh at—it then faded into silence.
And then—



"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices.
Instinctively, what did he have to do—pull Louis close, and then...
While he was thinking *and then*, an explosive roar echoed.

—His field of vision exploded into bright red, and that pain swallowed Natsuki Subaru whole once more.


　　　　　　　速header△▼△▼△▼△


—The moment you hear those same voices, cover your ears, close your eyes, and scream.

That was the formula for survival Subaru had discovered after repeating those despairing ten seconds dozens of times.
However, he had yet to discover any formula beyond that.

"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Olbart threw a bomb, and Yorna swung her pipe to strike it down. The impact of her stepping down deeply vibrated through the soles of his feet; remembering that he was back and what he had to do, Subaru obeyed the instinct imprinted into him.

Cover his ears, close his eyes, yell at the top of his lungs, and endure the explosion.

Covering his ears preserved his eardrums; closing his eyes preserved his eyeballs. He didn't know what shouting loud helped with, but whenever he didn't experience the pain or redness he had always been screaming, so not shouting was out of the question.
Doing something slightly different and going through the exact same pain again was intolerable.
If the timing slipped even once, he would have to repeat those ten despairing seconds more than ten times over just to catch the same chance again.

He hated it now. He hated the pain and the fear.
It never got easier. The pain was always painful. The fear was always scary. Death was always waiting beyond the pain and fear.
So—

"Uau!"

With his ears and eyes intact, he caught Louis's body as she jumped onto him.
Once again, for the Nth time, he managed to survive the initial explosion unhurt. Next, in chain reaction, he recalled what would happen after this—yes, first was—

"The shuriken..."

"Don't go thinkin' it's over just 'cause ya survived!"

Recollecting it and hearing Olbart's voice occurred simultaneously.
In the next moment, flying from all directions came a storm of shuriken—not a single one sharing the same trajectory—raining down to encircle Subaru and Louis.
More than ten shuriken; if even one struck, he wouldn't be able to move.
To stop them, Yorna attempted to leap out—

"Such outrageous conduct—"

"Yorna-san! I'm okay!"

Stopping Yorna—who was about to jump in—with an open palm, Subaru changed his extended palm to a pointing finger. Then he gripped tightly the hand connected to Louis—

"—What the!?"

Instantly, the field of vision shifted with the teleportation, and shuriken impaled the spot where Subaru and Louis had been.
Stunned by what had happened and the complete lack of any sign of Louis's teleportation, Olbart's eyes widened in surprise. Yes, it was Subaru and Louis's trump card that even Olbart didn't know about.
Several loops ago, they had escaped into the castle with this. Though even then, they were easily killed by Olbart who pursued them—

*If it's just once...*

He could catch Olbart off guard.
And in the opening bought by Olbart's surprise—

"Looking away is forbidden—!"

"Tch—Gwah!"

Leaping into the air, Yorna's fierce heel drop pierced into Olbart from directly above.
His quick reaction delayed and the leg he kicked up to intercept failing to make it in time, Olbart's body took the impact full-on and bent backward. Just like that, he smashed into the roof head-first, and with a roaring crash, Olbart's figure vanished into the Crimson Lapis Castle.
At that powerful blow, surely even Olbart must have taken damage—

"Kakahakka! Ow, ow!"

"No way!?"

Right after shouting in joy that a decisive blow had landed, Olbart bounced back.
Bursting out through a different hole in the roof from the one he was dropped into, Olbart bared his teeth, his right arm dyed bright red with blood.
He had blocked Yorna's heel with his arm, and that withered-branch-like limb had been crushed to a pulp.

A terrible sight of an arm that made one want to avert their eyes at a glance—yet Olbart paid it no mind. With his remaining left arm, he threw shuriken, targeting Subaru and Louis in front and Yorna behind simultaneously.
Naturally, Subaru couldn't even react. Yorna deflected the attack coming at her with her pipe, then flicked her finger on impulse, popping up tiles to protect Subaru and Louis.
And there—

"Here, ninety years of age, this is!"

Saying so, Olbart engaged in a sudden act of brutality.
Extending his bloodied right arm, he severed it near the upper arm with the kunai in his left hand, and spinning through the air while spraying blood, the arm flew straight toward Yorna.

"――――"

Facing it, Yorna was forced to make a split-second decision.
Namely, whether to parry the flying arm, or to dodge it.
However—

"Too bad, both choices are wrong."

"Guh...!?"

Before she could put the answer to her choice regarding the flying arm into action, a blast erupted from beneath Yorna's feet. It was the hole leading downstairs through which she had slammed Olbart earlier.
From there, quite literally, a tremendous squall blew forth, shredding Yorna's kimono.

"Basics of a shinobi. If ya make 'em hesitate between right or left, ya go from above."

"Shrewd old man...!"

Bathed in wind blades across her whole body, her kimono torn, Yorna contorted her cheeks. Stepping forward just like that, ignoring the bluff arm flying toward her, she tried to charge straight at Olbart.
Matching Yorna's advance, Olbart sighed out an "Ah," and—

"And that 'wrong choice' earlier was a lie too, ya know."

—In the very next instant, Olbart's severed arm that had flown through the air swelled from the inside and exploded.

"—!"
"Yorna-san!!"

Swallowed by the blast wave that erupted right beside her, Yorna's body was blown away. Seeing her tumble across the roof, Subaru widened his eyes and yelled with a raspy throat.

The hole he fell into, the arm he cut off—he rigged every last thing with traps.
Ever since getting the impression of a shinobi = ninja, Subaru had thought he was a ridiculously troublesome opponent. He had thought so, but he had never imagined he would be *this* vicious.
Just as Subaru shuddered, Olbart turned around almost simultaneously.

"—Louis!"

The instant Subaru saw the turned Olbart's eyes flash with ferocity, he screamed.
Holding Louis's hand tightly, he wished for a second teleportation at a timing practically tantamount to consecutive use. Just to put distance between them and Olbart, he pointed to a spot as far away as possible—

"Au au."

Louis's teleportation triggered, moving both of their bodies in the blink of an eye.
Diverting off the direct line of Olbart's gaze, to a position with plenty of distance. Since escaping inside the castle wouldn't save them, taking distance, buying time, and praying that Yorna would stop Olbart was all Subaru—who had survived the initial explosion—could do.
Then—

"Huh?"

*Clink.* Something bumped against Subaru's toe as he tried to endure the nausea.
He involuntarily widened his eyes, checking what had bumped him. It was a black, round sphere.

The black sphere he had seen many times by now—the one that plunged Subaru into the depths of despair.

"I saw it once, see. Ya fly toward wherever ya point. Don't know how ya do it, though."

So that was why he had pitched a sphere toward where he pointed, Olbart casually shrugged.
In a state of having lost one arm, the unbalanced, strange old man shrugged his shoulder.

"Uau."

Once again, Louis called out to Subaru like that.
Immediately after, light burst from the black sphere exploding at their feet, and countless glass-like fragments shooting from within scattered, shredding Subaru and Louis to pieces, shredding, shredding.

Blood scattered crimson; the fragments flying even into his eyes and mouth shredded his inside, sharp pain swallowing his entire body, limbs flying off severed.

"What's packed inside is a surprise for after ya take it. Fun, ain't it?"

The pain was red again; something like that just made him doubt his sanity, and...



"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices.

"—!"

The moment he heard them, Subaru covered his ears, closed his eyes, and opened his mouth wide. A loud voice didn't come out. Only a raspy sound emerged. Still, the explosive noise and shockwave attacked.
Struck all over his body, he landed on his backside on the roof. He couldn't keep the rule. He couldn't scream loudly. He was terrified of the pain and redness coming. But—

"Uau!"

Landed on by a light weight, Subaru exhaled a "ha."
And he checked that his eyes, ears, and other parts were alright. Even without shouting loudly, his eyeballs and eardrums were intact. The voice wasn't related. Opening his mouth might be related.
He didn't know. He didn't know, but—

"Guhhhhh...!"

Holding Louis, grinding his teeth as he sobbed, Subaru simply couldn't find a way to survive after the explosion, no matter what.
Unfound, weeping, crouching, unable to move once again—

"Snivellin' like that, a child's cry is unbearable to hear. —Shut up already."

Once again, unavoidable "Death" swallowed Natsuki Subaru.


　　　　　　　速　△▼△▼△▼△


Repeating the red and the pain time and time again, tasting the powerlessness beyond it, stacking pain, grief, suffering, and fear on top of each other, and still failing to reach.

"—Love me. Right this instant."

In a battered state, how many times had he come close to being saved like that?
Every time she said it, he was sad that he couldn't do as she asked.

"Uau! Uaau!"

Frantically pulling Subaru's arm, trying somehow to keep Subaru alive, refusing to let him die.
That was why she always ended up dying before Subaru, which hurt so terribly.

Over and over, repeating those ten seconds of death and despair.
A world of red, a sensation dominated solely by pain, and a sense of powerlessness that no effort could breach—repeating them again and again, so many times it felt like there was no end.

His head felt like it was going to break. His heart felt like it was going to die.

This wasn't "Return by Death."
It was something distinct from the "Return by Death" that had surrounded Natsuki Subaru.

He didn't want to think for a moment that "Return by Death" was merciful.
However, compared to these ten seconds and the endlessly compounding losses, it was far too much.

—To the point where he could actually think "Return by Death" contained love, this was a deed devoid of all love.


　　　　　　　速　△▼△▼△▼△


"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices.
Olbart's nonchalant voice, and Yorna's desperate voice.

The preceding pain and feeling of loss vanished, and for just a single moment, for merely a few seconds, Subaru returned to a blue sky and a body free of pain.
His brain was numb, his throat screamed out a continuation of the death cry from right before, and the strength left his knees.

Even so, a conditioned reflex already etched into his soul compelled Subaru to close his eyes, cover his ears, and keep his screaming mouth wide open.

"Ha, aaaaah!!"

Roaring, Yorna swung her pipe, giving birth to numerous explosions in the sky of Chaosflame.
Hot blasts, shockwaves, and explosive roars surged over Subaru and Louis as well, but landing on his backside at this moment was something he couldn't endure no matter how many times he tried.

"Uau!"

Onto the fallen Subaru, Louis's light body leaped.
Catching it, he hugged her tightly. This, too, was already a conditioned reflex. Simply because he had repeated dying over and over again, he craved human warmth. That was all.
There was no other reason. Because there wasn't, he gritted his back teeth tightly.

"From here..."

Without even time to feel relief, the next attack to kill Subaru came flying.

"Don't go thinkin' it's over just 'cause ya survived!"

Simultaneously with that voice, Olbart pitched shuriken at Subaru and Louis. More than ten blades from all directions; he already knew that their sharpness would easily slice through a child's soft skin.
Being killed by shuriken was something he had tasted many times by now too. But he couldn't remember which pain belonged to which loop. Because not a single death was pain-free, he couldn't tell anymore.

"Such outrageous conduct shall not be forgiven."

While he hesitated, Yorna's back cut in front of Subaru.
Striking down every single shuriken with her pipe, she then retaliated against Olbart by causing the roof tiles to wave, slamming a blow from the castle to pincer him from left and right.

"Kakahakka! Flashy, nice-lookin', and real fun technique!"

Olbart completely dodged this using his agility.
Because Subaru's reaction was delayed, it was following the same flow. But in this scene he had already witnessed countless times, there was nothing Subaru could do.

When he protected Yorna as she was about to take an attack, when he fled inside the castle, when his mind went chaotic and he pounced at Olbart—he died every single time.
If all paths, all actions led to dying, what was he supposed to do?

"But I got no use for flashy stuff like this. When it comes down to it, humans die just from a needle stickin' deep into their forehead, after all."

"Your noble lecture makes my fox ears tickle so much I can hardly bear it.—Then how about this?"

"Oh?"

In front of Olbart, who dodged the flashy attack, Yorna answered by tapping the roof with her heel.
Roof tiles peeled off one after another and floated up, generating a tornado of destruction swirling around the castle. He knew that had incredible power too. But it couldn't defeat Olbart.

"What should I..."

...do? He didn't know. The premonition that painful, terrifying things were coming drew near again.
He would fail. How could he avoid that? The red world, and the chorus of pain.

Even if he wanted to help Yorna, he would just be in the way.
Even if he tried to escape with Louis, they would be caught.

If he could go back further—in the first place, he shouldn't have come up to the roof with Yorna. If he let Yorna go alone, if he had left Yorna behind, if he hadn't parted with Abel and the others, if he hadn't talked about Louis, if Al, Medium, Taritta, if he hadn't turned small, if he were the original Subaru, Zikr too, Flop, Mizelda, Kuna, Holly, Utakata, Priscilla, Rem, Rem, Rem, Rem was, Rem—

Even though he had to take Rem back home, he was going to die here.
Left behind in a world where dying was unavoidable, if he had no choice but to keep dying on and on forever, then what could Subaru—what could Natsuki Subaru do?

The sense of powerlessness that death and pain thrust upon Natsuki Subaru time and time again.
Under that pressure, his heart and body felt crushed tight, and then—

"Uau."

Gently, the warmth of the girl holding his hand transmitted through, and Subaru gasped.
That warmth suddenly brought a thought to Subaru.

*Natsuki Subaru can't do anything about it, but...*

"—What would everyone do?"


　　　　　　　速　△▼△▼△▼△


Pain, red, fear, why, death.
Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death.
Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death. Pain, red, fear, why, death.

That was the despairing ten seconds repeated over and over.
An endless hell that piled pain upon powerlessness, attempting to break Subaru's heart again and again.

But after compounding those despairing ten seconds countless times, he reached beyond them.

Pain, red, fear, why, death—to what lay beyond that.
In exchange, beyond those ten despairing seconds, possibilities branched out far more widely, and nowhere was there an answer as to what to do to escape the pain.
Again, Subaru died many times. Repeating the painful and the agonizing over and over, he died.

Not a single thing worked out.
Always making Yorna sad, letting Louis die first, and then Subaru dying too.

—However, beyond those ten despairing seconds, there was time past the ten seconds.

He would use all of that time.
Using all of it, even if he was bound to die, he would reach beyond those ten despairing seconds to the eleventh second and beyond, and think with all his might.

*—What would everyone do?*

"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices.
In that instant, Subaru covered his ears, closed his eyes, and opened his mouth, enduring the explosion. The explosive sound and impact slammed his body, making him fall to his backside insupportably.
Immediately, a small body shouting "Uau!" leaped at him. Catching her, he hugged her back as if to reassure her, and even while doing so, he thought.

*—What would everyone do?*

"――――"

Subaru had turned small.
His limbs had shrunk, and the contents of his head had surely become childish too.
If he were the original Subaru, he might have been able to do far more, might have thought of something. But the original Subaru wasn't here. Nor could he think of a way out.

In that case, this problem couldn't be solved by Natsuki Subaru.
Therefore—

"If it were everyone..."

Up until now, he had encountered various problems, piled up countless failures, but together with everyone, they had overcome them and gotten this far.
Right now, Subaru was alone. He was in an Empire where almost nobody he knew existed.
Yet, inside Subaru, there was firmly what he had received from everyone.

"If it were everyone..."

What would they do?
Otto, Garfiel, Roswaal, Frederica, Petra, Clind, Annerose, Meili, Puck, Ram, Beatrice, Emilia—what would everyone do?

"If it were everyone..."

What would they do?
Julius, Anastasia, Foxidna, Ricardo, Mimi, Hetaro, Tivey, Reinhard, Felt, Old Man Rom, Chin-Ton-Kan, Al, Priscilla, Wilhelm, Ferris, Crusch, Liliana, Shaula—what would everyone do?

"Super strong..."

Everyone who could fight Olbart—he'd want them to cheer from behind.
Those who could handle Olbart's malicious cunning, his ridiculous minor tricks, and the like—there was no turn for them this time. Sorry. Thank you. I love you guys.

"Able to use magic..."

Everyone who could help Yorna—the current Subaru probably couldn't imitate them either.
He wanted to avoid being a burden to the kind Yorna. But healing magic might not have much of a turn here either. Sorry. Thank you. I love you guys so much.

"Then..."

How about imitating everyone in being stubborn about giving up, pushing through to the very, very end?
Using everything available, pushing past those ten despairing seconds, past the eleventh second, and further, further beyond—how about imitating *everyone* like that?

"Such outrageous conduct shall not be forgiven."

The pipe was swung, and the shuriken approaching Subaru and Louis were repelled with a high-pitched clang.
Just like that, tiles to Olbart's left and right peeled up, pressing together to crush the strange old man.

"――――"

Watching Yorna and Olbart's battle, he thought with all his might.
He had died over and over, hadn't he? He had seen this sight over and over, hadn't he? He still remembered the pain that made it agonizing just to recall, didn't he?

Just thinking about it made his body shrink. His heart cringed, and his soul began to tremble in fear.
As if the very existence of Natsuki Subaru was freezing over. However—

"Uau."

The heat transmitted from the hand he held wouldn't let Subaru freeze to death.
Because he could refrain from freezing to death, he could properly remember everyone, too.

He couldn't interrupt the fight between Yorna and Olbart.
Even if he wanted Yorna to win, Subaru and Louis, being targeted by Olbart, got in the way. Since the fight had already begun, things wouldn't move forward unless one of them won.
Probably, Olbart always won, and it ended with Subaru and Louis dying.

Then, if Subaru and Louis managed to survive, would that be enough?

That too was probably super wrong. It wasn't just that—Yorna had to be safe, too. *There ought to be a better way.* *Don't stop thinkin'!* *Stupid.* *Giving up here is no joke, see~.* *It will definitely be fine.* *Everyone is with you, after all!* *Geez, you hate the pain and suffering, don't you?* *A clash inevitably brings a conclusion.* *There ought to be an opening to cut in between, wouldn't you say?* *Perhaps we should seek it out.* *That is the key to victory, I suppose.*

"The key... to victory."

Whose? Naturally, the person fighting.
Then, who was fighting—Yorna or Olbart? Which one—

"No."

"U?"

"No, no, no, no, wrong—!!"

In front of Louis, who tilted her head, Subaru shouted at the top of his voice.
No, he was wrong. He loved everyone. Therefore—

"The one who wins is—"

Once again, red light and pain spread before his eyes, and then—.



"From what I’ve heard, the folk in this town of yours are pretty sturdy... but I wonder if they're sturdier than the folks back in my village."

"—You scum!"

Once again, he heard the same voices.
The moment he heard them, Subaru covered his ears, closed his eyes, opened his mouth, and crouched. Immediately after, the explosive sound and shockwave struck his body, but this time he didn't fall on his backside.
Releasing his hands with a snap, he raised his face. There—

"Uau!"

Anxious-looking Louis, worried about Subaru, leaped toward him.
Catching Louis head-on, Subaru stood up on the spot. And then—

"Thanks."

"U?"

Saying that to Louis, whose eyes rounded, Subaru looked straight ahead over her head.
The pain of his whole body being scorched, bones laid bare, organs pulverized—he was still dragging it with him even now. If he let his guard down, he felt like he would scream, wail, and roll on the ground.
However—

"Don't go thinkin' it's over just 'cause ya survived—"

As he spoke, Olbart was about to pitch shuriken drawn from both sleeves.
Olbart's eyes and Subaru's eyes met head-on.
The eyes of the "Vicious Old Man," who spared no child and held nothing back to take their life, and the tearful eyes of a child who had tasted powerlessness over and over and was desperately holding back tears even now.
Yet, seeing something in those tearful eyes, Olbart's yellow eyes suddenly intensified their light.

Not aiming at Subaru as a mere tool to distract Yorna.
To kill Natsuki Subaru, shuriken were unleashed from the "Vicious Old Man's" hands—

No-nonsense shuriken flew toward him.
A threat that Subaru's eyes couldn't capture—feeling it approach against his skin, Subaru thrust his raised finger straight ahead—pointing right at Olbart.

*What would everyone do?*
He thought with all his might, putting himself in everyone's shoes, and then he realized.

Because if it were everyone, even if Subaru died over and over, crushed by powerlessness and helpless, no matter how battered he became, they would surely believe in him.
Even if he hurt, suffered, feared, cried, screamed, and wet himself, even if he died pathetically and clumsily, they would believe in him.

He loved everyone.

At the peak of this Crimson Lapis Castle, having died so many times, the contest to reach beyond those ten despairing seconds to the eleventh second and further beyond—the one who wins that is—


*—The one who wins is always Master!*

"Louiiiiis—!!"

Pointing at Olbart, he loudly called out the name of the girl at the end of the warmth he held.
And tightly, tightly gripping Louis's hand—in an instant, the world shifted.

"—The hell!?"

The opponent he was supposed to kill with shuriken disappeared, and Olbart gave a cry of shock.
Outside Olbart's understanding, a foul play that even a cautious shinobi couldn't notice at all. This teleportation—which he would adapt to from the second time onward—was, on its first attempt, the sole method to catch Olbart off guard.
And having teleported through Louis's power, flying through the air, Subaru—

"AAAAAHHHH—!!"

"Nuoh!?"

Fiercely, he clung to the back of Olbart's head right before him.
Desperately clinging to the petite old man, clinging to him as if to bite into his white hair. Even Olbart couldn't react to being tackled in the instant of an unexpected teleportation.
To an old man whose height wasn't that different from his own, small Subaru tackled him with all his strength.

Naturally, Olbart tried to tear him off, and Yorna, wide-eyed at the suddenness, tried to rush over.

"Woah! W-What's this, what's this!? The brat!?"

"Child! Separate at once! Olbart-ong...!"

Olbart's hand grabbed Subaru's hair, attempting to forcibly tear him off. Even wanting to stop him, fearing involving Subaru, Yorna was delayed in stepping in immediately.
Ignoring both of their reactions, Subaru desperately, while staying tackled onto him, yelled at the top of his lungs—

"—I win!!"

"—What?"

In that instant, Olbart's hand trying to pull Subaru off loosened. Yorna's eyes widened too, wondering what Subaru was blurted out.
Paying no mind to the adults' reactions, Subaru clung on tight, tight so as not to be separated from Olbart—

"I win... I win! Olbart-san lost! Right!?"

"I said, what're ya blabberin' about..."

"You said once was enough!"

"Huh?"

With the force prying him off weakened, Subaru finally raised his head and spoke to the back of Olbart's white-haired head right in front of him. Sniffling both tears and snot welling up from excitement and heartbeats, Subaru hitched his throat—

"T-Tag! Hide-and-seek was... find three times... but for tag, catching once is enough... so!"

"――――"

"So! I win! I caught you! The game is my win! Olbart-san and Yorna-san lost to me! It's my win...!"

Even to himself, he thought it was a ridiculous argument while saying it.
In the first place, between tag and hide-and-seek, Subaru and Louis had chosen hide-and-seek. retracting that out of nowhere and changing it to the rules of tag was cheating, he thought.
However, even if it was cheating, he couldn't think of any other way.
Besides—

"The one who cheated first was Olbart-san...!"

"――――"

"S-So, it's my, it's my win...!"

Unable to stop tears and snot pouring out endlessly, his voice grew thick and crackly.
Even so, Subaru poured strength into his clinging arms, refusing to let go of this cheat of a victory. He caught Olbart, and won at tag. He won.

"—Olbart-ong, what will you do?"

Suddenly, Yorna posed that question to the silent Olbart.
Peeking over, Yorna re-lit the tip of her pipe, letting fresh purple smoke drift. Taking that into her lungs, her posture was as beautiful as before the battle began.
Including the fact that, depending on Olbart's answer, she would still be willing to shelter Subaru and Louis—with whom she shared almost no connection—behind her back and fight.
And Olbart's ordeal wasn't limited to just that.

"Uau! Aa, uu!"

"That hurts, ya know."

Louis, who had teleported along, violently stomped on the leg of Olbart, whom Subaru was clinging to. Narrowing her round eyes as far as they would go, Louis glared up at Olbart.
Receiving Subaru's plea, Yorna's question, and Louis's glare, Olbart stayed quiet for a moment, then roughly scratched his head.
And then—

"I was the one who said that once ya initiate a game, ya can't throw it away halfway. Never thought that'd get abused like this, though."

"—Is that your answer, old man?"

Yorna's quiet words; her line of sight dropped one step lower toward Olbart.
It was simple enough: Olbart had sat down cross-legged on the spot right there. Keeping Subaru clinging to his back, Olbart bared his teeth and laughed—

"Kakahakka! Anyone lookin' at this would say it's a loss. If I start sayin' winnin' and losin' don't matter, then I ain't a shinobi no more—I'm just a beast."

Saying so, Olbart slapped his knee with his hand and looked up at the sky, "I lost, I lost!"
Under the blue sky, atop the beautiful castle slowly restoring itself, one second, two seconds... beyond those ten despairing seconds, past the eleventh second, and further beyond, time was quietly, surely ticking onward—

"It's my win...!"

Sniffling and weeping, Subaru still insisted.
Listening to Subaru clinging to his back, Olbart laughed "Kakahakka!" and—

"Gettin' told that over 'n over starts to tick me off. —Shut up already."

He smacked Subaru's forehead with a *thwack*.

<notes>
- "抱き首" (dakikubi): Rendered as "A neck embrace, or somesuch." Dakikubi is a technical term from traditional execution/seppuku where the head is severed such that it remains attached by a small strip of skin at the throat and falls forward into the lap. Olbart uses it as dark humor/a macabre joke while severing child Subaru's head.
- "襟ドナ" (Eridona / Foxidna): Rendered as Foxidna per standard Re:Zero community conventions for Anastasia while possessed by Echidna's fox-muff spirit form.
- Inner monologue echoes: Subaru's internal thoughts during the realization sequence contain echoes/mannerisms of the entire Emilia camp and allies (e.g. Otto, Garfiel, Ram, Roswaal, Frederica, Petra, Puck, Julius, Priscilla, Echidna, Beatrice). Beatrice's signature tic "〜のよ" was rendered as "...I suppose" (" That is the key to victory, I suppose").
- Olbart-ong (オルバルト翁): Preserved "-ong" (翁 / old man suffix) as standard in Vollachian titles/honorifics.
</notes>