Arc 10 Chapter 21: "The Six Tongues"


　—An unprecedented crisis facing the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, a peril threatening the destruction of the nation.

"――――"

　Sitting up in bed, Subaru heard this and pinched his cheek first. It hurt. Which meant this was indeed reality, not a continuation of a dream.
　In other words—

"I'd honestly feel better if someone told me this was just a nightmare continuing, but there's just way too much 'what the hell' back-to-back... Am I cursed or something? There are way too many shocking things happening..."

"In that case, Subaru isn't the only one who's cursed, I suppose. Rest easy, I suppose."

"That doesn't make me feel easy at all, but thanks for being cursed along with me. Love you."

"Betty feels the same, I suppose."

　Subaru lowered the hand that had been pinching his cheek, using it instead to pat Beatrice's head.
tStanding beside the bed, his reliable partner was declaring them bound by the same fate, though it seemed she hadn't received much more of an explanation regarding the current situation than he had.
tIn that case, he wanted to ask the 'White Sheep', who seemed to possess plenty of information here, as well as Russell, all sorts of things this time—

"—'Shocking'. Did that mean being surprised, or perhaps shaken?"

"Huh? Ah, yeah, that's right... That's right, but why? Only Otto can usually decipher words from my hometown on the first try."

"No, it is nothing major. It is simply that the letters recently sent by Roswaal frequently contain unfamiliar words like that. ...Deciphering them takes an extra bit of effort, so I do wish he would cease his foolish pranks."

"Exchanging letters... with Roswaal, I suppose?"

　When Russell revealed the reason he could react to the word Subaru uttered, Beatrice narrowed her round eyes, raising her guard slightly.
tNormally, hearing the name of an acquaintance ought to offer at least a little reassurance, but the fact that it couldn't be taken so easily at face value was quintessentially Roswaal.
tAnd apparently thinking the exact same thing, Russell gave a "My, my" shrug of his shoulders and—

"Even as an outsider, I cannot help but feel concerned about how Roswaal interacts with Natsuki-dono and the rest of your camp. Though if I may offer a defense on my own behalf, he and I are old friends. We have known each other for about fifteen years now."

"Fifteen years...! That's quite a long time. Wait, then could it be that the reason you lent a hand back during the Subjugation of the White Whale was..."

"Ah, as for that, please do not worry. Business and friendship exist on entirely different planes. My cooperating with Natsuki-dono back then was my own decision, with no room for Roswaal to intervene. If anything, had he asked, I might well have refused."

"Hmph, it seems you evaluate Roswaal accurately, I suppose. If you had claimed to be best friends who understood each other implicitly, Betty would have walked out this instant, I suppose."

"The fact that trash-talking him earns you Beako's trust is so Roswaal..."

　Even so, Russell's answer was a welcome one to Subaru.
tIn order to join the White Whale Subjugation that Crusch and the others were planning as an alliance, Subaru had independently come up with the plan and persuaded Anastasia and this very Russell.
tIf the negotiation to bring Russell in had been arranged by Roswaal all along, then even if the outcome was identical, it would put a slight damper on his self-assessment.

"U-Um, 'Silver Fox'... wouldn't it be better if we moved the conversation along?"

tInterrupting them was the 'White Sheep', who had been standing on the sidelines of the discussion.
tCasting a considerate upward glance at Russell, she seemed to be trying to encourage the smooth continuation of the talk, but that single phrase added an extra element of curiosity.

"—'Silver Fox', huh? Can I assume you'll give me a detailed explanation about all that?"

"Of course. Now that we have welcomed Natsuki-dono here, we must open our hearts to you and show our stance of requesting your cooperation. However, before that—"

"...Before that?"

"I would like to confirm whether Natsuki-dono is a dangerous element. —Ah, was it called a 'check' in your hometown?"

　Did he learn that from Roswaal's letters too? Stroking his neatly trimmed beard, Russell deepened his smile and looked at Subaru.
tWithout realizing it, Subaru swallowed hard, a knee-jerk reaction to a sudden dry spell in his mouth. —When spoken of as a dangerous element, what immediately crossed his mind was the suspicion that he was an Archbishop of Sin, as mentioned by 'Black Dog'. It was the sheer humiliation of being lumped together with scum who deserved every insult under the sun.
tHowever—

"Russell-san, I don't know how I can prove it to you, but that suspicion is wrong. Me being an Archbishop of Sin or whatever..."

"Verbal excuses carry no meaning. That is the true terror of the Witch Cult. You ought to know this as well."

"――――"

"—Therefore, please take this."

tFaced with that unwavering, cold point, Subaru lowered his head. But into Subaru's field of vision, Russell, who had walked over from the entrance of the room, held something out toward him.
tSeeing it, Subaru gasped. What lay before him was—

"...A flip phone?"

　Leaking a raspy murmur, Subaru stared intently at the cell phone handed to him.
tIt was undoubtedly a mobile phone. Moreover, it was none other than the flip phone Subaru had cherished, one of the few items brought over from his original world that he had surrendered quite some time ago.
tHe would never forget how he came to part with it. It was the very item he had handed over to the man right before his eyes, Russell, as compensation for his cooperation in the White Whale Subjugation. —And even then, he had cleverly rephrased it so as not to be a lie, describing the phone as having an effect like a sensor that notified one of an approaching Witchbeast.

"No, well, Russell-san... this is, how should I put it, I don't really have any excuse, but it wasn't out of malice or anything, I just did it out of necessity, and if you ask whether I'm in the wrong or not, I am ridiculously in the wrong, but..."

"W-What's wrong, Subaru? You're flustered beyond belief, I suppose."

"I just didn't expect to run into the symbol of my past sins left behind in a place like this... B-But! Treating me like an Archbishop of Sin over this crime is taking it way too far, or rather, unlike those guys, I'm fully prepared to apologize!"

"—No, that will be quite enough. Confirmation has been obtained. You are undoubtedly Natsuki-dono."

tArchbishops of Sin cannot apologize. —No, while there were Archbishops who uttered lip-service "thank yous" or "sorrys," none of them were capable of genuinely reflecting and apologizing from the bottom of their heart.
tTherefore, Subaru, who was trying to refute the Archbishop theory on that basis, was caught off guard by Russell's unexpected answer, letting out a confused "Huh?"

"Confirmation? All you did was hand me the phone... Ah, was it because I knew the word 'cell phone'? Is that proof of my innocence?"

"No, it is not. Before it came into my hands, we could not possibly track where and how Natsuki-dono showed this off, or to how many people you made its name known. Thus, it was not due to such external factors—I verified it with my own eyes."

"Your eyes... like a merchant's intuition?"

"That is not entirely wrong. It is a Divine Protection. Known as the 'Divine Protection of Connoisseurship', my eyes can assess the true value of anything I look upon."

　Pointing to his own eyes, Russell revealed his 'Divine Protection of Connoisseurship', then shifted his finger to the phone in Subaru's hand, adding, "And—"

"—that 'Meteor' has its value skyrocket only while it is in Natsuki-dono's hands."

"――!"

"It is likely an item that no one other than Natsuki-dono can properly master. When held by myself or anyone else, that 'Meteor' emits no radiance whatsoever. But while it is in your hands, it is different. Though it has remained silent for quite a long time now..."

"...That's probably a dead battery. But is it still shining in my hands?"

"Yes, quite brilliantly."

"I see. So even if it could be revived, I'm the only one who can do it..."

tSavoring the all-too-nostalgic texture and weight in his hand, Subaru digested the words spoken, breaking down the logic Russell used to judge the truth.
tNo one but Subaru could use the phone. Therefore, if it shone in his hands, it proved that Subaru remained the exact same person as he was back then—

"...Wait? Does that mean you knew from the start that you couldn't use the phone yourself, Russell-san...?"

"I became certain of it only after you handed it over as a reward. In the hands of myself or my subordinates, it held no value at all. I thought that if I ever had the chance to press you on it, you would be thoroughly surprised."

"Claiming that 'it's the fault of the one who was duped'... wouldn't work on Subaru, I suppose."

"You understand well."

tIn an equal negotiation setting, Subaru had made Russell believe in the phone's value without uttering a lie. Crusch's 'Divine Protection of Wind Indication', who was present at the time, could attest to that—however, as Beatrice said, Subaru feeling guilty about it was another matter entirely.
tEven so, he hadn't expected the phone he unexpectedly reunited with to guarantee his identity. While he wanted to say that, this didn't mean the problem was solved just yet.

"I hate to say this, but all that proves is that the me right now is the same as the me during that meeting. What if, before that, I... I was... a Witch, a Witch Cult—"

"Ehh, you look like you're in immense pain just talking about a hypothetical!"

"His body and soul are rejecting the very thought to that extent, I suppose. I can understand how he feels, I suppose."

"Anyway! What if I was part of the Witch Cult before that? What if I was an Archbishop of Sin, even?!"

tIt was a hypothetical he hated even thinking about, but if he were to clear suspicions, complete innocence was ideal. Even if it was the worst-case scenario, there was meaning in Subaru stating it himself.
tOr perhaps, if they took that as even a sliver of proof of his trustworthiness, it would be a windfall—

"Before then, you say... so around the time the start of the Royal Selection was declared."

"Ah, right."

"Speaking of the start of the Royal Selection, I hear Natsuki-dono gave quite a bold speech at the royal castle."

"A-Ah, yeah."

"I heard you drew considerable hostility from most of those present, though fortunately there was no outburst around you, resulting in your reputation sinking even lower."

"I-Is that so...?"

"Would the Witch Cult truly take the place of Natsuki-dono while you were in that state?"

"Yeah... back then, even the Witch Cult would've abandoned me..."

tTrying to lean on sympathy, Subaru had his heart crushed by a barrage of merciless, logical arguments.
tIn truth, any Witch Cultist who thought they could use Subaru after finding out about his screw-up in the royal castle would be an idiot, and if he had been contacted before then, Subaru would have been an idiot for screwing up in the castle. —In other words, Subaru had proven his innocence through the sheer foolishness of his own actions.

"Is there actually a reason to be glad that event happened, other than my mental growth?!"

tMoreover, from what he just heard, the mock battle with Julius after his blunder seemed to have been erased from history due to Julius's 'Name' being eaten. In that case, the hatred directed at Subaru from the Royal Knights must be astronomical.
tCould the fact that he was being hunted now partly stem from that very thing?
tAt any rate—

"So, from your perspective, Russell-san, I'm innocent?"

"Yes. From my perspective, including your numerous achievements, it is no exaggeration to say that you are the person I would most want to rely on in the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica right now."

"O-Oh, ohhh... Saved...! My heart has just been saved...!"

"Why are you getting so emotional over this man's words, I suppose?! Betty, who believes in Subaru the most, is right here beside you, I suppose! Emilia and the others too, I suppose!"

"No, I mean, of course that makes me insanely happy, but being believed by family versus being believed by an outsider hits differently, you know? It's like a difference in difficulty level."

"Hmph, Betty's mood is ruined, I suppose. Next time you are suspected of something, there will be a five-minute penalty before I take Subaru's side, I suppose."

"A whole five minutes without Beako taking my side...?! Can I even survive that...?"

　Pulling Beatrice—who turned her face away and puffed out her cheeks—onto the bed and tucking her neatly into his cross-legged lap, Subaru said, "So," looking at Russell once more.
tRussell's assessment of Subaru was complete. Which meant next, it was finally time for Subaru to cut to the chase.

"Tell me already. The story about the kingdom being in big trouble is important, but before we talk about that, I want to know who you guys really are. You're not just some important merchant from the royal capital, right?"

tOf course, up to this point, it could barely be passed off as a capable merchant. However, Russell had said at the beginning—the kingdom was in a crisis of existence, and it was caused by their sworn enemy of many years.

"A sworn enemy and a foe capable of destroying the country aren't things a mere merchant would talk about. Same goes for Russell-san being called 'Silver Fox'. You and the 'White Sheep' girl over there actually have a different job. That's—"

"—The 'Six Tongues'."

"――!?"

tLeaning far forward to prompt Russell to speak, Subaru was instead startled by a voice coming from an unexpected direction and turned around.
tThe one who spoke was neither Russell nor the 'White Sheep'. It was someone who had been quietly listening to their discussion until now, seemingly waiting for the right moment—

"Rachins, how long have you been awake?"

"A while now. With this much talking going on, how could I stay asleep? Though I gotta admit, when Russell Fellow showed up, I almost blurted out loud."

　The one who answered was Rachins, sitting up on the couch. Seeing him wrapped in a blanket over his underwear after having his sewer-stained clothes removed, Subaru breathed a sigh of relief that he was safe for now.

"Feigning sleep to eavesdrop aside... what did you just say? Six...?"

"The 'Six Tongues'. Simply put, an intelligence organization operating in the shadows of Lugunica... I never doubted they existed, but I sure as hell didn't expect the head of the Commerce Guild to be their boss."

"An intelligence organization... You mean a spy agency?!"

tAs soon as Rachins's explanation registered in his brain, Subaru couldn't help raising his voice.
tSpies—while appearing frequently in fiction, were at the top of the list of things one would almost never encounter in real life. Ninja were close in category, but he had already seen actual ones, and had even tasted their terror.
tYet, to think that at this point—

"In other words, the shadow leader who controls the dark underbelly of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica—that's Russell-san's true identity!"

tStaring intently with wide eyes, Subaru looked once again at Russell, who stood with perfect posture.
tAt Subaru's over-the-top reaction, Russell raised an eyebrow slightly, then slowly shook his head from side to side.

"Please do not spread that around in such a loud voice. —It could cost Natsuki-dono your life."

tAnd with that, he uttered a reply that suggested Subaru might be about to experience the terror of spies, following his experience with ninja.


　　t　t　t　t　t　t　t△▼△▼△▼


"Originally, the 'Six Tongues' was organized following the 'Demi-Human War' for the kingdom's counter-intelligence operations. The civil war dragged on in part because the high intelligence-gathering capabilities of the demi-humans had been underestimated."

"Ah, that makes sense. One of my friends can camouflage into walls and the ground, too."

"Yes, a specialized organization possessing knowledge of such traits, Divine Protections, or 'Meteors', along with the practical ability to deal with them, was required. That is why the 'Six Tongues' was formed, and I currently hold the position of Director."

"Director...! That's a title I haven't heard on this side...!"

"Why does Subaru get so emotional over every little thing, I suppose? The suspiciousness of these people hasn't changed one bit, I suppose. If anything, it's gotten deeper, I suppose."

"No, you're totally right. But in this case, it's not so much suspicious as... special agencies get cooler the deeper their mystery is..."

　Poking the cheek of the sulking Beatrice with his finger, Subaru glanced briefly at Russell.
tAlthough Russell responded with his posture and expression unchanged, knowing his true identity as the head of an intelligence organization lent a convincing weight to his demeanor and presence.
tIndeed, the history behind the creation of the 'Six Tongues' was thoroughly convincing. —The friend capable of camouflage referred to Hiain of the Pleiades Battalion, but it was said that many demi-humans had participated in the battle against the Kingdom during the 'Demi-Human War'. And in war, it wasn't just combat power that proved useful.

"By the way, Rachins-dono, where did you learn of the existence of the 'Six Tongues'? Was it from your father?"

"Huh? You think that old man of mine would blab kingdom secrets just because we're family? Nah, I just figured something like that ought to exist, and a few words I'd heard in rumors now and then happened to connect. I didn't think for a grain of dust that you were the boss, though."

"Is that so? As expected, Rickert Hoffman-dono is a paragon of a loyal vassal. Have you not been in contact with your father since then?"

"...Hey, your bad habit as a spook is showing. It's your turn to talk right now, not a scene where I tell you this and that. Don't get ahead of yourself."

"You are quite correct. My apologies."

tTo Rachins, whose Sanpaku eyes grew even sharper, Russell offered a theatrical bow. Yet even from that exchange, it seemed to prove the backstory Rachins had disclosed in the sewer—that his family truly was noble of the Kingdom.
tReceiving that answer, Russell turned his gaze back to Subaru, saying, "To return to the topic—"

"While I cannot disclose details concerning top secrets, our supreme objective lies in national defense. Including myself, those belonging to the organization conceal their positions, disguise their identities, and engage in counter-intelligence. My title as head of the capital's Commerce Guild is merely a front to hide the truth."

"Isn't head of the guild a bit too grand for a front?"

"That was the result of balancing the authority and influence required on the surface. Do not worry; it is not as if every prominent figure in the capital belongs to the organization."

"—Though right now, it seems that would have been the better scenario, I suppose."

"Yes, shameful as it is, you are quite right."

tSlowly shaking his head, Russell assumed a solemn look at Beatrice's point. Just how much of that expression was genuine was hard to say, but at long last, they could get to the main subject.
tThe crisis currently besetting the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica—it couldn't be unrelated to the fact that Subaru and his group had been driven into a corner and that demonic hands had extended even to Emilia and the others.
tAnd the one at the center of it was—

"—'Beloved Children'. That is currently the name of our... no, the Kingdom's greatest enemy."

"So these guys are trying to wreck the Royal Selection, is that right?"

"That is not incorrect. However, it would be more accurate to say that what they are attempting to destroy is not the Royal Selection, but the Kingdom itself."

"The Kingdom itself... So that influence is behind the current chaos in the capital. ...Speaking of which, earlier you mentioned a enemy of many years, what's that about?"

"Well... according to records, there are reports of them operating in the shadows for over thirty years."

"Thir...?!"

tStaring with wide, shocked eyes, Subaru reacted as an unimaginable number was casually dropped.
tHe had imagined five or ten years, but thirty was completely beyond his expectation. After all, if the 'Six Tongues' was an organization created after the 'Demi-Human War', it had only been around forty years since its inception.

"Thirty years out of that... you've basically been fighting them since the organization was made..."

"Yes. Thus, the history of the 'Six Tongues' can be said to be a history of shadow struggles against the 'Beloved Children'. However, the 'Beloved Children' are an opponent whose true nature remains unknown, leaving us constantly on the back foot... We could barely manage to keep them from having free rein over the country."

"Ha, for an organization backed by the Kingdom, that's pretty pathetic. Getting beaten up non-stop?"

"I have no defense. In truth, sudden changes of heart among lords and influential figures across the kingdom, as well as treasonous acts of leaking information to other nations, are too numerous to count. During the decade and more since I inherited the post of Director, there were no effective strikes to break the deadlock, only symptom treatment. —However, the situation has changed."

"Changed?"

"Yes. —Because of 'White Sheep' and 'Black Dog'."

tHearing that, Subaru silently looked at the 'White Sheep' standing behind Russell.
t'Black Dog', who was named along with her, was not present here, but it meant that they were the ones who helped the 'Six Tongues' led by Russell break out of their dead end.
tWondering just how they had done it, Subaru watched as 'White Sheep' placed a hand over her chest, her lovely face tightening slightly with tension—

"I... was originally one of the 'Beloved Children'. 'Black Dog' was in the same situation."

"—! You turned members of the enemy?!"

"It was a situation where several coincidences worked in our favor. However, as a result, we were blessed with the opportunity to learn what lay behind the 'Beloved Children'... the enemy we had faced for so long."

"Yes. ...Though, I didn't know everything properly myself, and there were things I could talk about and things I couldn't."

"No, even so, what you gained must've been huge. You did well to make that decision..."

t'White Sheep' seemed hesitant, but that seemed at odds with Russell's assessment.
tAfter all, as the key individuals who moved a war that hadn't seen progress in thirty years, the 'Six Tongues' must have felt like they had found an oasis in the desert.
tAt Subaru's impression, 'White Sheep' cast her eyes down slightly—

"...Yes, I was surprised myself. That I had that kind of courage. ...If so, then even sooner..."

"――?"

"Ah, no! It's nothing! Anyway, that's my situation!"

tAs 'White Sheep' waved her hands frantically, Subaru slightly knitted his brows and held his tongue.
tHowever, before he could pry into that point of concern, Rachins's rough voice barked, "Hey."

"Can you really trust a story about defecting? Isn't it possible that the enemy, sick of you pests, sent them as a trap to manipulate you however they want?"

"If that were the case, it would be far more natural if we had been wiped out long ago. It has already been over a year since 'White Sheep' and her companion joined us... During that time, the secret maneuvers of the 'Beloved Children' we prevented are more than can be counted on one hand. There would be no point in contributing so much if it were a trick."

"...It could still be possible. I'm saying you're not cautious enough."

"—Do not worry. We have taken measures to prevent their betrayal. With that, they bought my trust... no, won it."

tWith sharp glares, Rachins and Russell locked eyes and traded their views.
tFor Subaru, he could understand Rachins's point of view, but he had a strong impression of Russell as being thoroughly shrewd. Since he couldn't quite shake the first impression of Rachins as a alleyway thug, there was a distinct difference in caliber between them.

"Is thinking that a bit heartless of me after being saved, though...?"

"If we talk about numbers alone, being sheltered here is the beard's credit, I suppose. Even counting being saved in the sewers, the thug and the beard are even, I suppose."

"True. As expected of my Beako, great at math—"

"—Um, Natsuki Subaru-san."

tSwaying together with Beatrice enclosed in his crossed legs, Subaru was wondering which side to take when 'White Sheep' called out to him, prompting a strange "Ngh?" from his mouth.
tHowever, she looked at Subaru with a serious expression, then bowed deeply.
tAnd then—

"The reason we were able to escape the 'Beloved Children' is thanks to you all. So I've wanted to thank you for so long... Thank you so much!"

"Uh, you're welcome, but... what exactly are you thanking us for?"

"For defeating the Witch Cult's Archbishop of Sin of 'Sloth', of course!"

"...Petelgeuse's?"

tAsking back with wide eyes, 'White Sheep' gave a firm "Yes!" nod to Subaru.
tWhat with his past dark history symbol in the royal castle and the phone-related White Whale Subjugation, today was a day where events from the start of the Royal Selection kept getting dug up.
tHowever, while he was praised for defeating Petelgeuse Romanée-Conti, he couldn't understand why 'White Sheep' would express direct gratitude to him for it.

"You're not gonna tell me you were one of that bastard's 'Fingers', right?"

"Fingers...? That's not it, but... because of that, Mama was running around in a flurry, and we managed to... take advantage of the confusion..."

"Hmm? Hmm? Hmm? Wait, wait, I'm confused again. Mama running around because Petelgeuse was gone? What kind of confusion was that...?"

"—I didn't know her true identity for a long time either. Whenever we met, she was in a different form, and we never had proper conversations... but I finally figured it out."

tWhile Subaru expressed his confusion, 'White Sheep', speaking excitedly, seemed unable to control her surging emotions as well. Rather than answering Subaru's question, her eyes shone as if opening the lid on a secret she had harbored deep inside for so long—

"The person that I... that we, the 'Beloved Children', were forced to obey all along... that was..."

"W-Wait, my feelings haven't caught up yet..."

"—Capella Emerada Lugunica."

"—Huh?"

tSuddenly, at the ominous sound striking his eardrums, his confused thoughts turned stone cold all at once.
tThe flood of information and emotions he hadn't been able to process quieted down as if doused with cold water. Subaru held his breath and stared intently at 'White Sheep'.
tTo his gaze, she nodded back, moving her thin lips once more to say clearly:

"—The Archbishop of Sin representing 'Lust', Capella Emerada Lugunica. She's the evil person who forced us, the 'Beloved Children', to call her Mama and obey her!"

"—. ———. ————————. Are you serious?"

tIt took a considerable amount of time to take in and process the name 'White Sheep' had spoken.
tBreaking it down, chewing on it, swallowing it, and ruminating over it again, repeating the process.

"――――"

tAs Subaru fell silent, Russell called out to her: "'White Sheep'."
tHe spoke with a slightly scolding tone in his voice—

"I intended to explain things in order. Bringing up that name was somewhat hasty."

"Ah, I-I'm sorry! I-I just got impatient..."

"While I intended to speak of it, handle information with care. Your hand of cards is equal to your life. I should have taught you that many times over the past year."

"Y-Yes..."

tDejectedly drooping her shoulders, 'White Sheep' cast her eyes down at Russell's reprimand.
tThough he felt sorry for the dispirited 'White Sheep', thanks to that lecture time, Subaru's brain, which had stopped working from the shock, began to function again.

　—The Archbishop of Sin of 'Lust', Capella Emerada Lugunica.

tAll of the Witch Cult's Archbishops of Sin could be described with the single word "worst," but the evil nature of Capella was an object of particular disgust for Subaru compared to the other Archbishops.
tHe had encountered her only once, during the fight at the city hall in the Watergate City of Priestella, but frankly, if he could avoid meeting her, she was top of the list of people he never wanted to see again.
tTo think he would hear Capella's name at this of all times.

"Mama, and 'Beloved Children'..."

"Lined up together like that, it's a combination of words that makes one want to gag, I suppose."

"And I can totally picture her saying that. ...No wonder 'White Sheep'-chan wanted to run away."

tFurrowing his brow and twisting his lips, Subaru received a concerned look from Beatrice.
tFortunately, Beatrice had never seen Capella in person, and Subaru thought that was for the best. All Archbishops of Sin were bad for Beatrice's moral education. Capella especially so.

"Mama... Capella gathers all kinds of kids from everywhere, and treats every single one of them as her own child. Telling us to think of her as our mother. But..."

"Evil, insane, emotional abuse—I can picture it all. ...Can't break the habit?"

"It's pretty hard... Everyone had it beaten into them."

tWearing a smile that was far too painful to be called a bitter laugh, 'White Sheep' spoke of her past.
tEven after defecting from the 'Beloved Children' and escaping Capella's rule, the fact that she still referred to the object of her terror as 'Mama' was proof of how immense the hardship she suffered had been.
tAnd if Subaru and the others defeating Petelgeuse had helped her escape that hellish position—

"I'm glad you managed to escape, 'White Sheep'-chan."

"Natsuki Subaru-san..."

"Ah, but I think that 'Black Dog' person lacks gratitude. She seemed like she was planning to burn both me and cute Beako to a crisp. Returning kindness with harm! I won't forgive her unless she apologizes."

"Won't forgive her, I suppose."

tMatching Subaru as he pointed sharply, Beatrice pointed at 'White Sheep' with the exact same motion. Seeing the two pointed fingers and Subaru and Beatrice winking in unison, 'White Sheep' blinked her eyes before breaking into a small smile—

"Yes...! Understood. I'll definitely make 'Black Dog' apologize!"

"Please do. But if the enemy is Capella... is 'Beloved Children' something like a unit within the Witch Cult? Like Petelgeuse's 'Fingers' or Regulus's 'Brides'..."

"If Sylphy heard you treat her like that, she might punch you, I suppose. Don't say careless things, I suppose. Subaru isn't in Sylphy's good graces as it is, I suppose."

"I contributed quite a bit to defeating Regulus too, though... Well, I welcome anyone who joins the Emilia-tan fan club, so someday we'll have to nerd out over our favorite together."

tEven now, Sylphy, one of the members staying behind at Roswaal Manor, was originally one of Regulus's brides, but currently she was a firm supporter of Emilia. Thinking about that, with the camp in a crisis where Subaru was being hunted and even Emilia was captured, he was worried about the ones staying behind at the manor—Sylphy, Ryuzu, and Ryuzu's copy, Meyel.
tFor that side, he had no choice but to rely on Roswaal, who was personnel capable of moving outside the capital.

"Worrying about that aside... what's your understanding of it, 'White Sheep'-chan?"

"...At least, I didn't have that understanding myself. I've never met any Witch Cultists, either."

"I see... so something like a separate unit from the Cultists, or personal troops for each Archbishop? At any rate, 'Beloved Children' is a nasty thing to call someone."

tIt wasn't quite "hate the priest, hate his robes," but knowing Capella was involved made Subaru want to find fault with everything about it.

"――――"

tGlancing reflexively, Subaru looked at Crusch sleeping in the adjacent bed.
tSetting aside Subaru's own arm and leg, the Dragon's Blood poured into Crusch's body was also a scar left behind by Capella. In Priestella, there were many people whose forms were altered by her hand, remaining asleep inside ice. —Just like 'Gluttony', 'Lust' ruined people's lives far too much.

"And it makes sense that Russell-san and the others couldn't catch her tail for thirty years. That girl changes her appearance however she pleases. So..."

"Up until now, she was never properly captured. That only became clear when the information on the Archbishop of Sin of 'Lust', who revealed her form and wielded her Authority in Priestella, matched the portrait of the individual known to 'White Sheep' and the others."

"Conspiracies, secret moves, doing whatever she wants..."

"Yes. The sudden change of heart and treasonous acts among lords and influential figures were nothing complicated. —They had all been replaced."

"She's someone capable of that. Truly the worst—"

tAnd as Subaru nodded at Russell's conjecture, about to spit out how vile she was, he realized.
tIf that conjecture developed further, it would affirm something terrifying beyond belief. And that was undoubtedly—a quiet, thorough invasion, a crisis threatening the very existence of the Kingdom.

"Hey, hey, hey... no way..."

"—It's the worst, I suppose."

tReaching the same thought Subaru had realized at that very moment, Rachins, his face tense, let his voice tremble, unable to speak the remaining possibility out loud.
tBeatrice too shrank her shoulders tucked in Subaru's lap, shuddering.

"Russell-san..."

"Yes. What the three of you are imagining is correct. Hence, the Kingdom's greatest peril."

tTerrified of hearing the answer, yet having no choice but to ask, Subaru posed his question. Russell, who had already finished grappling with that shock and moved on to the next stage, nodded deeply.
tAnd then, the Director of the 'Six Tongues', the man tasked with the mission of protecting the Kingdom, announced:

"The Kingdom's 'Council of Wise Men', along with the majority of the high nobility, have been replaced by Capella Emerada Lugunica, who leads the 'Beloved Children'—and there is a high probability that the Dragon History Stone is now in the hands of that very 'Lust'."

<notes>
- メイエルズ (Meyel / Meyel-s): Referenced as one of Ryuzu's copy series staying at Roswaal Manor. Standard web novel transliteration applied.
- 「愛し子」: Rendered as "Beloved Children" per prompt terminology.
- 「銀狐」/「白羊」/「黒狗」: Rendered literally/descriptively as 'Silver Fox', 'White Sheep', and 'Black Dog'.
</notes>