Arc 10 Chapter 22: "Strategic Moves and Rejection"



—At the same moment Natsuki Subaru was being informed of the catastrophic peril plaguing the Kingdom of Lugnica at the "Six Tongues" hideout, a scene was unfolding in the commercial district of the Royal Capital.


"—By some means or another, the enemy has already secured the Dragon Tablet and seized full authority. That is the situation the Royal Castle currently finds itself in. I’ve filled in the moth-eaten gaps of information with my own conjectures, but I doubt I am far off the mark."

"……Indeed. That explains why we're being hunted down now. At the very least, we should assume the Royal Castle's chain of command has been taken over."

"————"

"Garfiel, are you alright?"

"Hm? Oh, y-yeah, I’m fine…… Nah, to be honest, it’s a scale I hadn't even considered…… I don’t even know what t’ say."

Shaking his head, Garfiel confessed his honest feelings. However, Otto considered the feelings of his younger brother-figure, thinking it was only natural.

"……Because of this situation, right?"

To put it plainly, Otto was also plagued by confusion and bewilderment. It was just that, given his role in the camp, Otto wasn't allowed to let his thoughts grind to a halt.
In their cornered state, Garfiel had fulfilled his duty well. —No, it wasn't just Garfiel. It was the result of everyone working together and giving their all.
The only one who had failed was himself, who had pathetically had his weapons taken away.

"—Tch."

Leaning his back against the wall of the room and sitting with one knee pulled up, Garfiel groaned in pain.
The fact that the colors of intense exhaustion and pain wouldn't fade from his face was something unthinkable for Garfiel, who possessed extraordinary toughness and recovery power. That was just how much the power possessed by the opponent who struck Garfiel—Reinhard—was beyond standard and absurd.

—It had been a while since Reinhard had stood in their way, and Otto and the others had barely broken through by using every card in their hand.

The battle had lasted less than a minute, but by the time it was over, everyone was covered in wounds. In particular, Garfiel, who had fought Reinhard head-on, was in a terrible state. Even though Otto had intentionally lured the opponent into letting their guard down, he felt pathetic for being rendered immobile just by having his chin grazed.
It was a victory they had somehow snatched away, and even that was thanks to an unexpected reinforcement. Including the fact that they were forced into that situation, there were far too many things for Otto to reflect upon.
That they could even have a session of reflection like this was only because they had been led by the joined reinforcements and had secured a temporary safe zone.

"—Hmph. Just managing to shake that guy off is quite a feat. Even if it was a role forced upon him, a hundred ordinary soldiers wouldn't be able to lift a finger against him."

"But for that, we had to make a move that should never have been made. What she let go of from her life is significant. I cannot forgive that person."

"……Your resentment is likely justified. He's probably prepared to be hated. That is what it means to be the 'Sword Saint.' Even I have never lost my anger toward the 'Sword Saint'."

"That’s……"

Otto quietly narrowed his eyes at the person who placed their large palm on their own bald head.
Whether what he was about to say was a question or a conjecture, he fell silent because he realized he had already voiced something that shouldn't have been said.
However—

"—That is likely not anger toward Reinhard, but toward my wife."

In place of the silenced Otto, the old swordsman who opened the entrance door—Wilhelm—took those words away with a tone of certainty.
Entering the room, Wilhelm was accompanied by Rem and a short-haired elderly man. He let Rem into the room first, then turned to the man.

"Conwood, I am sorry for the trouble. I am in your debt for sheltering us."

"Hah, to be thanked so solemnly by Wilhelm Trias, who used to be the embodiment of audacity and selfishness—it might even rain tomorrow."

"You……"

"It's a joke. —Besides, it's only natural. It's natural, Wilhelm. Me lending you a hand is something that goes without saying, it doesn't even need a thank you."

"————"

After the casual tone, Wilhelm's cheeks stiffened at the man's trembling voice.
The man relaxed his cheeks as if amused by the reaction of his old friend, then looked at Otto and Garfiel in the room.

"I owe your companion, Natsuki Subaru-dono, for the White Whale hunt. It's a huge debt I'll have to spend my whole life paying back. I won't let anyone through here, so rest easy."

"……Shopkeeper, you have my gratitude."

"I told you. My gratitude is much bigger. ……No one believes Natsuki Subaru-dono is a Witch Cultist. The same goes for Crusch-sama."

With that, the man patted Wilhelm on the shoulder, closed the door, and left. Watching his back be obscured by the door, Otto called out to Rem, "Rem-san."
This place they had reached under Wilhelm's guidance was a private room in a tavern provided as a refuge. While Otto and the others were explaining the situation in this private room, Rem had been in a separate room.
The reason for that was—

"Are Petra-chan and the others alright?"

"……For now, they are resting. Petra-chan was quite distraught, and Meili-chan was the one comforting her…… but they both fell asleep."

"I see…… Understood. Thank you very much."

"No, I didn't do much. More importantly, the discussion?"

"—We've just finished confirming the current situation, I suppose."

Otto replied to the tense-looking Rem, turning his pale blue eyes toward the back of the room.
Following her gaze, there stood a large figure sitting on a seat in the private room, whose head was still higher than Otto's or Wilhelm's.
A bald head, a giant elderly frame with skin tanned by the sun—his name was—

"—Valga Cromwell. One of the primary causes that expanded the civil war of the Kingdom in the past."

"……Unfortunately, I don't know who you're talking about. I'm just Old Man Rom, a giant old geezer who lived in the slums."

"What a blatant lie. What happened to the chest wound I carved? Are you hiding it under that grand white chest hair?"

"I understand even less. It's none of my business, but I'd rather not grow old. Even that famous 'Sword Demon' can't keep his head working against the waves of age, it seems."

"You—"

"……Both of you, please stop fighting. Petra-chan and the others are resting above. We don't have time for internal squabbling, do we?"

Stepping in to split the two glaring at each other, Rem glared at them both in turn. At her stern gaze, Wilhelm bowed his head, and the giant figure—the old giant who called himself Old Man Rom—also cleared his throat and showed a stance of following Rem.
While grateful for Rem's judgment in mediating, Otto couldn't help but feel a certain sense of understanding regarding the hostile exchange between the two.

—Otto was also a citizen of this Dragon Kingdom of Lugnica.
He knew the fact that the 'Sword Demon' Wilhelm van Astrea was a hero of the 'Demi-human War,' and that Valga Cromwell was one of those who led the Demi-human Alliance in that civil war.
He never expected that Valga Cromwell would still be alive.
Of course, Old Man Rom himself denied any connection to Valga and likely never would admit it.
At any rate—

"I will call you Rom-san…… but I thank you for sending Wilhelm-san as reinforcements. Without that, we would have been wiped out by now."

"It's not an exaggeration, I suppose. If our persons were seized by the castle in this state, anyone who isn't a Royal Selection candidate or a knight could be made to disappear and covered up however they like."

"To be made to disappear…… how could……"

"We must assume the worst-case possibilities. Even if you hate it and flee into optimism, there's no reason for the opponent to go easy on you. ……Especially now that Miklotov is dead."

Rem was speechless at Rom's words, which took the situation seriously, but Otto shared the same opinion.
Always assume the worst possibilities. Ultimately, that leads to finding a way to survive in the midst of death. He thought himself a pessimist.

"Yo, Wilhelm-san, thanks for the help earlier."

There, Garfiel, sitting by the wall, lightly raised his hand to Wilhelm. At that call, Wilhelm turned, saying "Garfiel-dono."

"My skills were insufficient in that place, my apologies. Without the surprise of striking through you, I could not have reached Reinhard with my sword."

"That, I received it with resolve, so don't worry 'bout it. My wounds from that are already mostly closed. ……The 'Sword Saint's' hand-chop, though, that’s still quite a ways off."

"————"

"More importantly, what happened to Wilhelm-san? I heard our Captain and that Duchess lady are escapin' together……"

"Yes. I shall tell you what happened on my end."

With that, Wilhelm began to solemnly recount what had happened to him and his master, Crusch, and the situation up to this point.

"After Subaru-dono and Emilia-sama visited the mansion and were seen off, Crusch-sama confined herself to her room. Neither I nor any of the servants could approach her, and she barely even took her meals."

"That must have been…… worrying."

"Yes. Everyone knew it couldn't go on like this. Therefore, I left the mansion to prepare to ask for help from Crusch-sama's father, the former Duke, Meckart Karsten-sama. However, in that interval—"

"—Crusch-sama left the mansion alone and headed for the residence of Lord Miklotov McMahon."

"Precisely. By the time it reached my ears, the situation was already too late."

With an expression that didn't hide his regret, Wilhelm lamented his lack of strength.
However, if Crusch had intentionally timed it for when Wilhelm was absent, it was only a matter of sooner or later, and he shouldn't be blamed.
Yet, if the result was this situation, the 'Sword Demon's' self-reproach was unavoidable.

"Naturally, it was unthinkable for Crusch-sama to commit such a reckless act. I immediately went up to the Royal Castle and appealed to my old friend, Lord Bordeaux Zellgef. However, not only did he refuse to listen, but I was also pursued by soldiers on my way back. There—"

"—I called out to him. To be honest, it was a painful choice."

"……It was not my intention to cut through the Kingdom's soldiers by force and break through either. When I saw this man in a bright place, I doubted my own eyes."

"Both of you."

Unfading anger and karma inevitably mixed poison into their speech.
Ignoring the men who were sharply scolded by Rem, Otto understood the circumstances of how they joined forces. And the circumstances until Wilhelm joined them.

"Then, what about Rom-san? Your preparations were quite good, or rather, your judgment seemed quick."

"It's no wonder you're suspicious, but I only started moving just before, not much different from you lot. I noticed because I have a sharp nose…… since long ago, my intuition works for approaching danger. It had been rusty for a while, but with all the recent fuss, it's been polished up."

"I see, is that so. —Understood."

Otto didn't pry further as Old Man Rom rolled his large shoulders and answered so nonchalantly.
Ultimately, they were just facing the same direction at this moment, but in terms of position, they were opposing camps—it was natural to keep one's cards hidden, and it would be narrow-minded to rebuke him for it.
At the very least, Rom had saved Otto and the others from a pinch with his actions. For now, the evaluation of those actions should be treated as higher than doubting his true intentions.

"What a scary young man. Your eyes aren't laughing."

"My apologies. For a merchant, laughing on the outside and chuckling on the inside is the basic rule, but lately, I haven't been able to act very much like a merchant. I'm starting to dislike myself for it. —Though, if a kind-hearted merchant lets his family die, such a person isn't needed right now."

"————"

"……My apologies, I spoke too much."

After responding with a shrug, Otto restrained himself, thinking those were unnecessary words.
It's one thing to think it, but once spoken, it's a weapon. If you suddenly draw a weapon when facing someone, you can't complain even if you're stabbed to death.
As expected, the fact that his 'Divine Protection of Soul Language' had been overcome was lingering more than he realized. He had told himself like a curse that it was dangerous to entrust his identity to a Divine Protection, yet he had been relying on it too much lately. This was the price.

"—In any case, the positions of us here are the same. Our masters have been unjustly disparaged, and the Royal Castle is condoning it…… no, rather, they are taking the lead. Their objective is to eliminate the Royal Selection candidates, destroy the rules of the Royal Selection itself, and rule the Kingdom."

"For that, Emilia-san and that person are being slandered…… and the people Wilhelm-san and Rom-san support too, right?"

"Emilia-sama, Felt-sama, and the Duchess…… so the only ones left are Anastasia-sama and the Church's new candidate, Philore-sama?"

"I wonder. If the participants of the 'Council of Sages' or the Semi-Round Table don't choose their means, there are plenty of ways to disparage Anastasia-sama as well. Since Anastasia-sama is from Kararagi, they could say she's arranging for the city-states to invade the Kingdom…… or perhaps that she conspired with Emilia-sama in the Vollachian Empire to assassinate Priscilla-sama—"

"—Stop! Please don't joke about that!"

Rem raised her voice at Otto, who was predicting such malicious plots.
With her pale blue eyes moistening and her breathing heavy, she gripped her fists tightly, showing her anger at the discourse that would disparage Priscilla's death—his prediction.

"I will never let them disparage or use Priscilla-san, her death, like that! If they seriously say such things, I won't forgive them……! If Abel-san hears of it, it'll mean war with Vollachia!"

"In fact, it's not really a joke. Treating Emilia-sama coldly, after she brought back the achievement of being able to sign a friendship treaty with the Empire, is equivalent to throwing mud in the face of the Empire that recognized Emilia-sama. It's a foolish reason for starting a war, but there have been plenty of foolish reasons for war in history. Besides……"

"—Even if it were to become a war, Reinhard is there. Seizing the Royal Castle means they can move the 'Sword Saint.' Until now, the authority to issue orders to the 'Sword Saint' was strictly managed so that wouldn't happen…… but the opponent has secured it."

"That…… can't be……"

Ultimately, it was truly the worst-case possibility, but Rom did not deny Otto's thoughts, instead paving the nightmare in a way that filled in the missing parts.
The horror of it was such that Rem and Garfiel, who had just barely survived a brush with death against Reinhard, were at a loss for words.
Only one person—

"—As I thought, the 'Divine Protection of the Sword Saint'?"

Yes, the 'Sword Demon' only muttered in a volume that almost no one could hear.

"……From the situation, it's clear the enemy intends to attack the Royal Selection. In that case, there's no mistake in viewing Philore-sama, who recently stepped onto the stage, and the 'Dragon Council Church' that supports her, as the enemy's side. Just to confirm, regarding the princess who vanished fifteen years ago—"

"—Felt is Felt. There is no other answer."

Hating that silence was stalling the discussion, Otto tried to organize the situation and confirm the facts, but he was harshly and clearly cut off by Rom's words.
Perhaps thinking it was too unkind to just end it with a rejection over a question, Rom added "However" to the eyes turned toward him.

"I can only think of the story of the 'Dragon Council Church' sheltering the vanished princess as a suspicious rumor. Even if they kept their distance from the Royal Castle, it's unthinkable for them to keep those circumstances hidden for over a year after the Royal Selection began, given the crisis of the Kingdom's survival."

A firm opinion and an uncertain attitude—Rom, who maintained both, was clearly hiding something.
Naturally, the 'Sword Demon's' gaze toward the old giant grew sharper.

"————"

Fifteen years ago, Wilhelm, who was the leader of the Royal Guard, was also said to have been the one responsible for the search for the vanished princess. This time, his desire to know the answer to the princess suspicions cast upon Felt and Philore must be twice as strong as anyone else's.
However, the heart of the person suspected of being one of the three giants of the Demi-human Alliance was not built so fragilely as to yield to the obsession in that gaze and spill the secrets.
At any rate—

"……I understand the direness of the situation."

Exhaling a small breath, Rem straightened her back and seemed to have forced her feelings to shift. She then looked around at the people in the room, including Otto.

"To be honest, I'm very concerned about that person who isn't here right now, but Emilia-san and Sister at the castle are in danger, right? How are we going to…… no, Felt-san too. How will we get the three of them out?"

"If there’s Reinhard and the Knight Commander over there, a frontal breakthrough is too much of a stretch no matter how ya look at it. It'd be like 'Gaddogi Guadzead's mountain seclusion.' We need a plan, Otto-bro."

Garfiel, who was heavily burdened from the fight with Reinhard, agreed with Rem's opinion and turned his eyes toward Otto, expecting a plan from here.
For the two of them, they would naturally be worried about Emilia, who was detained at the castle, and more than that, they must be concerned about the safety of Ram, who accompanied her as an attendant.
It was truly painful to tell this to the two of them, but—

"—No, we will prioritize escaping from the Royal Capital from now on. We don't have the leeway to take Emilia-sama, Ram-san, or Felt-sama out of the Royal Castle."

""Wha—!?""

With their eyes wide in shock, Garfiel and Rem raised their voices at the same time. Garfiel stood up, leaning his hand against the wall, and barked, "Otto-bro!"

"Escapin'…… what d’ya mean, we ain't goin' to help 'em!"

"I mean exactly what I said. As we are now, we have neither the preparation nor the strength to take Emilia-sama and the others out of the Royal Castle where they're imprisoned. With a half-baked plan, we'll just be crushed by force and everyone will fall into the enemy's hands together. We can't afford such a losing battle."

"A losing battle…… but, Sister and Emilia-san are there!"

"I know. However, even if the enemy has already seized the Royal Castle, they cannot easily lay a hand on the Royal Selection candidates. Even if Reinhard-san is following orders, he wouldn't be able to overlook such a move if it happened. Their freedom is restricted, but as long as they are in the castle, there is a high possibility Emilia-sama and the others won't be touched. That is what I believe."

"B-But, still……"

Rem and Garfiel were greatly shaken by Otto's attempt to remain as calm as possible, taking care not to let emotion into his voice. But Old Man Rom raised a large hand and cut into their exchange, saying "Is that alright?"

"I share the same opinion as that young man. Even in the castle, if it's Felt and the others, they can manage somehow. Rather, I'm more afraid of giving them an excuse with our movements. Our reputation is already bad because of the magic beast incident. I want to avoid anything more than this."

"Even Rom-jiisan has the same opinion as Otto-san. ……What about Wilhelm-san?"

"—I understand the feelings of Rem-dono, who worries for her master and sister. However, to challenge an opponent who is fully prepared while accepting a disadvantage is a foolish plan…… it's infuriating, but I believe Valga has a point."

Wilhelm shook his head slowly as he answered, and Rem bit her lip.
Her regret was something Otto understood all too well. And there was something Otto hadn't voiced, specifically to avoid further backlash from her and Garfiel.
Even if the 'Council of Sages' had fallen into the enemy's hands, they couldn't harm the Royal Selection candidates. —But, the safety of the attendants and followers was not guaranteed.
And that Ram, who volunteered to be the attendant, had likely taken that position precisely because she was prepared for that possibility from the start, refusing to let either Rem or Petra take it.

"……Otto-bro, about leavin' the capital, what about the Captain and the rest?"

"—Joining up will likely be difficult. My Divine Protection isn't reliable right now. If we speak to the wrong person carelessly, our internal situation will leak out. I cannot take that risk."

If only his 'Divine Protection of Soul Language' had been fully functional, he could have searched for Subaru and the others with the help of numerous creatures, delivered messages, or informed them of a meeting place.
Now that those options were taken away, it was impossible to find Subaru and the others without a foothold.

"Valga, I won't press you deeply. But if it's you, Crusch-sama or Subaru-dono……"

"You seem to be evaluating a mere old geezer from the slums highly, but unfortunately, I can't live up to that expectation. I'm not being coy or holding back. The unreliable thread has already unraveled. There's no prospect of reconnecting it."

"Useless at the crucial moment…… no, that applies to me as well."

Wilhelm reflexively started to snap back but hesitated due to self-reflection. In the eyes of Old Man Rom, who glanced at him, there was a regret that showed those words were not lies.
As expected, there were no moves to be made. In that situation, Rem gripped the hem of her skirt tightly and said,

"I can believe in Sister and the others at the castle. I feel like we here can also do something if we combine our strength. But, only that person…… will surely do something reckless. I know it."

"Rem……"

"No, not just me. Garf-kun and Otto-san know too, right? In times like this, that person absolutely tries to do things beyond his stature. Because of that, he'll surely get terribly hurt again. And yet……"

I can't be by his side. Rem, oozing genuine regret from her heart, left everyone unable to say anything.
It was surely because everyone here had been involved with Subaru in some way, had been saved by his actions just as Rem described, and had actually seen him getting hurt.

"……We're putting a burden on Beatrice-chan."

At this point, Beatrice, who was likely the only one with Subaru, was the hope of the entire camp, functioning as a safety net for Subaru—just as Otto thought this, Wilhelm stepped forward, saying "No."
He stood before the downcast Rem and gently placed a hand on her shoulder.

"It's only natural to worry. However, it's not just Beatrice-dono who is with Subaru-dono. Crusch-sama is there."

"—But, the prevalent rumor is that the Duchess has lost her mind. In fact, didn't she slip away from the mansion behind your back?"

"Shut up, Valga. What do you know of that lady?"

"————"

"As you say, I may have been deceived. But Crusch-sama must have had some thoughts in mind. Until I hear it from her own mouth, I will not make assumptions."

Not just a retort for a retort, Wilhelm's voice had a firm core, and with loyalty to his absent master in his blue eyes, he looked at Rem and everyone in the room.

"Even if she has lost her memory, her upright nature will not be lost. It's not just because I have a debt of gratitude regarding my wife. —I have decided to give my whole soul to seeing that lady onto the throne."

"Wilhelm-san……"

"That Crusch-sama is there. Subaru-dono is also a man of caliber. Even Beatrice-dono, though she looks like a small child when she's with Subaru-dono, I heard she's a Great Spirit who has lived for many years. They will surely break through our concerns."

Slowly woven, those words were not meant to convince Rem, but were spoken as if powerfully inscribing his wishes into the world for it to be so.
It was something that felt almost arrogant, yet when said by the 'Sword Demon' who once defeated the 'Sword Saint' with his own hands and achieved an elopement from fate, it had the persuasiveness to make one believe it.
An inexplicable power that made one think it would actually come true.
And that was—

"……That’s just how the Captain would say it."

"If so, that is a truly honorable evaluation."

When Garfiel voiced what Otto had also felt, Wilhelm nodded deeply. Receiving the 'Sword Demon's' appeal up close, Rem suddenly let the tension out of her shoulders.
Though anxiety still lingered in her eyes and expression, Rem nonetheless raised her head bravely.

"I'm sorry, I was distraught. You're right. If Beatrice-chan and Karsten-san are reliable, one or two of that person's reckless acts…… will it really stop at one or two?"

"I thought you were about to be convinced, but getting stuck there isn't great, is it……"

"Three or four, Beatrice'll handle 'em somehow! ……Right now, believin' that is what we can do."

Garfiel, who still hadn't fully lost his own anxiety but hid it and bared his teeth, received a faint smile back from Rem.
Otto was the same. No one could move with all their anxiety resolved in this situation. They might regret today later if an unwanted result occurred.
Even so, they had to choose to step over the hesitation in this moment.

"Then, once again—we are leaving the Royal Capital."

After clearing his throat, Otto looked around at everyone in the room and declared the policy again.
The Royal Castle had already fallen into the hands of the enemy, and they had become wanted fugitives targeted by the soldiers of the Royal Capital. If they moved poorly, the 'Sword Saint' would be sent after them, and if caught, they would be in a desperate situation where even their lives were at risk.
If they left the capital in such a state, it would be natural for people to think they fled with their tails between their legs.
However, he would dare say it.

"This is by no means a defeat. —It's a strategic move for victory, to make sure we hit back and win next time."

"Heh, that’s a hot-blooded declaration just like ya, Otto-bro!"

"I don't agree with that evaluation at all though!"

Among the nodding faces, Otto responded to Garfiel, who rubbed his nose with his finger, with a raised voice. Then, after nodding to Rem, he turned his awareness outside the wall—toward the Royal Capital.
He didn't know where they were. But he thought of Subaru and Beatrice, who were likely struggling in a dead end in this Royal Capital, just like Otto and the others.
The anxiety was endless. Because, as Rem said, he would be reckless.

—I don't want him to. That was Otto's true feeling.

"……Still, you'll be reckless anyway, won't you?"

Letting the mutter that couldn't possibly reach be absorbed by the wall, Otto pulled his hat down deep.
Otto knew all too well that the person named Natsuki Subaru would readily put his life and heart on the scales if it was to live up to someone's expectations or wishes.
That's why, in truth, he didn't want to rely on him, and shouldn't rely on him.
Because he felt that counting Natsuki Subaru as "the person who will manage somehow," just like everyone else, was the same as preying on his kindness and weakness.

So, that's why, at the very least.
So that his recklessness doesn't consume Natsuki Subaru and crush him.
Even if they were far apart, Otto thought with a bitter feeling that they would do what they must to resist this unreasonableness and absurdity.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


"A-choo!"

"Did you catch a cold? Are you alright, I suppose?"

"No, my nose just suddenly felt ticklish. ……Though, it did feel like my blood ran cold."

Subaru, who sneezed from the sudden urge in his nose, relaxed his lips at the worried Beatrice, but then sighed, unable to even maintain a bitter smile.
That was how shocking the story he heard from Russell was—the maneuvering of Capella of 'Lust' and the direness of the situation the Kingdom of Lugnica was placed in.

"Being against someone with transformation abilities is a classic pain…… but this much? It makes sense that she’s been harassing Russell-san and the others for thirty years."

"Strictly speaking, the one being harassed was the Kingdom, and we were the ones trying to stop it. However, in our current pathetic state, I cannot say anything so grand."

"I understand that you were holding them off at the water's edge, I suppose. But it doesn't add up. Why did the thirty-year tug-of-war suddenly tip, I wonder?"

"That…… I think we are the reason."

'Aries,' with her eyes cast down, dejectedly confessed.
With guilt and self-reproach in her eyes before the skeptical Subaru and others, she continued,

"By us leaving the 'Beloved Children' and joining up with the 'Silver Fox' like this, we had many opportunities to trip up their plans. So, I think Mama realized it too. —That the 'Six Tongues' had finally caught their tail."

"Well, if traitors come from your own side, you'd naturally think so…… or is it that? Is Capella the type to forget and never remember once someone leaves her side?"

"No, she's a person with a personality that remembers it forever."

"Thought so! Our interpretations match. Truly, she's a nasty piece of work, that one……"

Once again, his recognition of Capella's twisted personality was reinforced, and Subaru spat those words out. To supplement the exchange with 'Aries,' Russell raised one finger again.

"As she says, the enemy likely realized that our hand had become substantial. When the Witch Cult attacked Pristella all at once, 'Lust,' who hadn't appeared in public before, openly showed herself. It's thought she had the aim of making us recognize her existence."

"Recognize her existence? What's the point of doing that……"

"—The 'Six Tongues' have already finished off seven Capella Emerada Lugnicas."

"Hah?"

"It's a fact. If there's an eyewitness report matching the outward characteristics of the 'Lust' confirmed in Pristella, we have no choice but to move to verify it. Naturally, in the meantime, other plans using the 'Beloved Children' are also put into motion. This time, it was my fault for having too much of my attention diverted to dealing with those."

"……I don't even need to ask, but those seven were fakes, I suppose?"

"Yes. As you can imagine."

Russell explained emotionlessly that they had been outmaneuvered, but Subaru didn't think he could have remained so calm if he were in Russell's position.
To think that even the atrocities in Pristella, which gave birth to so many tragedies, were nothing more than strategic moves for Capella to later toy with the 'Six Tongues' and seize the Kingdom.
After destroying and twisting the lives of so many people.

"—Tch."

"……Subaru, I understand how you feel, but calm down, I suppose. You're only hurting yourself."

"Eh? Ah, sorry. I just……"

Gritting his teeth and looking down, Beatrice, who was in his lap, thumped his back. She gently touched Subaru's right arm, where he had unconsciously been digging his nails in.
Looking at it, the handkerchief that had been wrapped around the burn he received at the McMahon residence had been removed and replaced with a clean bandage. He had been about to dig his left nails in over that bandage. Trying to apologize for that unconscious act, he suddenly noticed—the pain from the burn had completely vanished.

"This, did Russell-san…… no, was it 'Aries'-chan?"

"Eh? Ah, no, that's not it. That was 'Green Snake'-san……"

"'Green Snake'?"

"—One of my subordinates. A skilled healer. I took the liberty of having him perform a full treatment while you were asleep. If there's no discomfort."

"Ah, yeah, none at all. It's so gone that it feels weird."

He lightly rotated his wrist and shook his arm, and it felt perfectly fine.
Even given the mana shortage situation, to be able to heal a burn that even Beatrice's power could only provide first aid for was proof that Russell's subordinates were quite high-caliber.
If there were injuries, those of Crusch and Rachins should have been healed too.
However—

"—Dad."

Rachins, with his hand to his mouth and lost in thought, was currently in no state for that.
If it was true that Capella's evil reach had extended to the Royal Castle and the Council of Sages and other high-ranking nobles had been replaced, his father was likely included in that.
Though Rachins showed a rebellious spirit toward his father in his words, the unexpected intellect he glimpsed from time to time seemed to have a core certainly rooted in his birth.
And that core was not unrelated to his father.

"Rachins, are you okay?"

"……I just got stripped half-naked. It’s nothing."

"—I see. Got it."

Rachins likely understood the intent of the question, and Subaru respected his answer.
It was only natural to be anxious. And in this moment, Subaru had no means to resolve it, and Rachins didn't want to talk about his inner feelings.
The feeling of worrying for one's family is heavy. Based on experience, he couldn't even say it would be easier if he talked, so he couldn't force it. Of course, if the other person wanted to talk, he intended to listen—

"—Hey, hey, are you done with the gloomy and tedious talk yet?"

As if to smash that delicate atmosphere, the door of the infirmary was opened violently.
Walking in with unreserved footsteps was the dangerous person in black with a clown mask—'Black Dog,' carrying a large bag in one hand.
Since Subaru and the others were safe, he figured he must be safe too, but—

"You're one to interrupt a conversation…… we're in the middle of an important talk."

"Oh, how busy your life is, good for you! Since you're living so desperately, you look like you're about to say there isn't a single moment or split second when you're not talking about something important, but still!"

"'Black Dog,' stop it! Natsuki Subaru-san is our benefactor!"

"Oh, look at you acting like a good girl. Even though you're a wicked woman who's good at making others wag their tails, you're still not wagging your own enough, it's not your head but your butt that bows, kuhahahaha!"

"～～っ"

'Aries,' who scolded 'Black Dog's' rude attitude, turned red at the counterattack.
It seemed these two, despite leaving the 'Beloved Children' together, didn't have a close, trusting relationship like Subaru and Beatrice.
Of course, Subaru intended to side with 'Aries'—

"You talk too much, 'Black Dog.' Keep your business short."

"Tch, preparations for the move will be ready soon, so all of you should get ready, too!"

"Ready, I suppose!"
"Whoa, what’s this!?"

Saying it roughly, 'Black Dog' suddenly threw the large bag he was holding at Subaru and the others. Subaru and Beatrice reflexively pulled back, and the bag landed on the bed by their feet.
'Aries' hurriedly opened the mouth of the bag, and what was inside was—

"—They are robes with a 'Perception-obstructing' effect. I obtained them through Roswaal. There are ones for Natsuki-dono and Beatrice-dono, and for Crusch-sama too. Ah, and a spare for Rachins-dono."

"Thanks for the bonus treatment!"

While Rachins, who was treated roughly, spat those words out, Subaru raised his eyebrows at the sound of 'Perception-obstructing' after a while and spread out the robes on Beatrice's lap.
It was a white fabric. Subaru couldn't tell just by touching it, but Beatrice nodded with an "Mm."

"It's certainly something that Roswaal had a hand in, I suppose. With this, the persuasiveness of the story that the beard is Roswaal's friend has increased, I wonder."

"You say it like it's a disappointing report…… anyway, these robes are helpful for us fugitives, but did you say we're moving? Isn't this the 'Six Tongues' base?"

"No, this is just one of several small standby locations. Our strength is insufficient to oppose the current forces of the 'Beloved Children'…… we will withdraw early."

"But that's…… no, Russell-san and the others definitely understand the fear of the opponent much better. Even though we're just hitching a ride, sorry. We'll follow your instructions."

Just when he thought they had finally settled down, being told they were moving again made him reflexively want to push back, but Subaru quickly withdrew that opinion.
The fear and thoroughness of the opponent had been explained more than enough. If they hadn't joined up with Russell and the others, they would surely still be hunted by an unseen enemy.
Therefore, Subaru decided to follow Russell's thoughts for now.
However—

"So, we're moving right away? I mean, is the next place far from here?"

"Yes. It will take a while. —After all, we will be leaving the Royal Capital."

"……Eh?"

The explanation that hit his eardrums didn't go down well, and Subaru's eyes went wide.
Hoping it was some kind of mishearing, he waited for Russell to weave different words, but in vain to Subaru's expectations, Russell's expression didn't change.
Naturally, Subaru had no choice but to take time to swallow those words—

"—We cannot easily agree to that, I suppose. From the way you speak, it sounds like Emilia at the castle is being left behind, I wonder."

"Yes. If I may speak without fear of being misunderstood, we cannot afford to spare effort to join up with the people from your camp who are fugitives in the Royal Capital. We are already in the palm of the opponent's hand. If we do not move before that hand closes and the gaps disappear, it will be irrevocable."

"That, is…… but"

"I will say it again. We will abandon this base and escape from the Royal Capital. This city is now a demon's den ruled by the 'Beloved Children.' —We cannot afford defeat."

—Subaru was speechless at Russell, who showed strong resolve and pride and rejected defeat.

"————"

Subaru's understanding was naive. Shallow. Insufficient.
The situation was even worse than Subaru imagined, and they were on the verge of losing—unconsciously being led to the execution platform, and the time for their heads to fall was close at hand. That must be what it meant.
But—

"Subaru, Subaru, look at Betty, I suppose. Betty is right here, I wonder."

Beatrice turned and hugged the trembling Subaru from the front. With the sensation of her small palms stroking his back, Subaru remembered how to breathe, which he had forgotten.

"I understand Russell-san's point, I do. But, Emilia……"

Leaving the Royal Capital that had fallen into the enemy's hands, rejecting defeat, and creating an opportunity for a comeback.
He understood the intention. He understood the logic. The Royal Capital was nothing but dangerous now, and if they didn't take bold steps, they would fall right into the enemy's trap. —Was he to leave Emilia in that place? Was he to give up on joining his separated companions and run?
Natsuki Subaru, given such options—

"—'Aries'."

"……Yes."

Before Subaru, who was hugging Beatrice and agonizing, Russell suddenly called 'Aries.' At that call, 'Aries' slightly choked on her words and nodded.
Then she walked to the bedside and gently grasped Subaru's hands with both of hers.

"'Aries'-chan……?"

"I understand how you feel, almost painfully so. The decision to be separated from someone precious is agonizing, as if your body is being torn apart. But, then, we'll die together…… that's not how it works, is it?"

"————"

"Please believe in us. With Duchess Karsten's strength and Natsuki Subaru-san being here, we surely won't lose. Please……!"

Earnestly, with her eyes wavering as if she was about to cry, 'Aries' persuaded Subaru.
It was a platitude, an idealism, nothing more than a pre-packaged conclusion Subaru had repeated to himself ten or a hundred times to convince himself. —Still, for some reason, hearing it from 'Aries' moved his heart.

"—Russell-san, what about Emilia and the others at the castle?"

"The other side will likely refrain from laying a hand on the Royal Selection candidates. Even if their freedom is restricted, their physical safety will not be violated. I have my collaborators keeping watch."

Taking a deep breath and exhaling, Russell answered Subaru's question.
He could feel the intent to remove Subaru's anxiety as much as possible, which was likely the maximum consideration and concession Russell could offer.
Emilia's safety left to the enemy's common sense, and the safety of his companions left to their respective strengths—none of it could deny the feeling of being a bad bet considering the opponent.
Even so—

"—I will definitely save Emilia. Everyone else too. Remember that."

While tasting the feeling of being burned all over by the black flame smoldering deep in his chest, he made his resolve.
Beatrice stiffened her body at Subaru's answer, and 'Aries,' whose hands were still grasped, exhaled weakly. Rachins, who watched silently, was looked at by Russell and stuck out his tongue as if to say he wouldn't object even if he was full of complaints.
Only 'Black Dog,' who leaned his back against the wall and put his hand on his mask—

"—Kuh, drop dead and rot, you piece of crap."

Yes, that mutter, aimed at no one in particular, fell onto the floor of the room that smelled of medicine and vanished.
