Arc 10 Chapter 23: "Searching for the Best Path"

——The Lugnica Royal Castle, which he had looked up at countless times, was far away, the chalk-white building seemingly on the verge of being swallowed by the sunset sky.

"—Emilia."

Subaru murmured softly, a feeling of heartbreak heavy in his chest.
Emilia was now a prisoner inside that castle at the summit of the Royal Capital. It was Subaru's desire to one day have her sit upon the throne in that place, certainly not to have her bound in a cell.

"...Emilia is a Royal Selection candidate, I suppose. At the very least, she should be treated with courtesy on the surface. She shouldn't be thrown into a dungeon or anything like that, in fact."

"I know. I know that. But, that's not what I mean..."

"――――"

"Ah, sorry... even though you're trying to cheer me up."

"Listen well, I suppose. Being able to encourage a Subaru who has no room to breathe is a partner's privilege, in fact. Petra and Rem would surely cry out of frustration, I suppose."

"Maybe Petra would, but I wonder about Rem. I don't think she'd be frustrated."

Subaru gave a wry smile, surprised that he was still capable of doing so.
Until just a moment ago, his chest felt like it was bursting as he thought of his own powerlessness and having no choice but to leave Emilia behind, but Beatrice’s presence was immense.
Glancing at her, he saw her making a cute, smug face, and a small sigh escaped him again.

——Subaru, Beatrice, and the members who had been at the 'Six Tongues' standby point were busy preparing for their departure as planned, under Russell’s instructions.

Bravely enough, the standby point had been located in one of the largest warehouses in the commercial district. It was close to the defensive wall adjacent to the noble district, giving Subaru a glimpse into the depth of the 'Six Tongues' infiltration—the impressive way they blended into the Royal Capital and existed naturally.
Now, Subaru and the others had moved to the back of the standby point, gazing at the Lugnica Royal Castle where Emilia should be, until the very last moment before the escape arrangements were finalized.

"――――"

The main members consisted of the still-unconscious, sleeping Crusch; Rachins, who, unlike Subaru and the others, showed no resistance to escaping the capital; and 'White Sheep' and 'Black Dog'—led by Russell. Besides them, there seemed to be multiple personnel handling disguises and information disruption.
As expected of an intelligence agency directly under the Kingdom, the scale of everything they did was massive.

"But, even with that much power, they're in a position where they've been completely outplayed, I suppose."

"But we're not just gonna take it lying down. This escape is a run-up for our comeback."

"A run-up, I suppose. —That was a bit unexpected, in fact."

Beatrice, holding his hand, murmured as Subaru spoke of his determination not to lose. When Subaru tilted his head and asked, "Unexpected?", Beatrice furrowed her eyebrows slightly.

"That Subaru was able to decide to leave the Royal Capital so quickly, I suppose. Leaving Emilia behind and not joining up with Otto and the others must have been a painful choice, in fact."

"That's... definitely true, and it still is now. Before I went to Miklotov-san's place, I was talking with Emilia-tan about what to have for lunch, you know. She said she was looking forward to it because she’d be making bento with Rem and Petra today... and now, it's this."

"Subaru..."

"It’s painful, and it’s hard. But, the fact that you didn't object means you know this is the best path too, right? Beako."

As Subaru’s voice dropped pitifully, after a while, Beatrice gave a small nod.
She hadn't said anything at that moment. Beatrice, too, was certain that staying in the Royal Capital would lead to a dragging, losing battle. Even so, the reason she hadn't rushed Subaru's decision was out of her consideration for him, and so that Subaru could reach his own understanding.
It was so that he wouldn't be forced to give up by someone else’s words, but could choose it himself.

"You're cute but strict, my Beako."

"Furthermore, this cuteness and strictness are guaranteed for life, I suppose."

"What a deal. I'm glad I signed up for the Beako Insurance."

Subaru scrubbed her head, his heart cleansed by his partner's reliability.
Normally, she would have escaped quickly saying "Stop it, I suppose~!", but the fact that she let him do it was likely Beatrice's consideration for Subaru’s heart.
And then—,

"The preparations for departure are almost complete. Are you two alright?"

The one who spoke to them was 'White Sheep'.
Over her black suit, she wore a white robe—the same 'Recognition Obstruction' one as Subaru and the others—and she had let down her tied hair, slightly changing her aura.
A style of hiding her identity through 'Recognition Obstruction' combined with a light disguise.

"Heh."

"W-What is it? Do I look strange somewhere!?"

"Ah, sorry, sorry, no. I just thought the impression changes quite a bit from when you're just in the suit. If anything, this outfit feels more like 'White Sheep'-chan."

"That... might be true. Before 'Silver Fox' picked me up... when I was with Mama, I was in these kinds of clothes more often."

"Ah, sorry. I made you remember."

Subaru apologized for making her talk about unpleasant memories, but 'White Sheep' gave a faint smile and said "No." She then stroked her long navy hair and,

"...I'm the one who should be sorry."

"—? Why are you apologizing?"

"It's because I rushed you, even though it was for our convenience... Truly, Natsuki Subaru-san must have wanted to take more time to decide."

As 'White Sheep' spoke while looking down, seeming more pained than he was, Subaru couldn't help but give a wry smile.
Having left the 'Beloved Children' under Capella and now being a member of the 'Six Tongues' led by Russell, 'White Sheep' was certainly not suited for being an underling of a villain or a companion of a spy due to her innate goodness. After all, she was trying to carry the burden of the time Subaru spent on his choice.

"You don't have to take on my burdens too. I don't think I was rushed. Rather, I was grateful to be given the information necessary to make a decision."

"Natsuki Subaru-san..."

"If you still feel hesitant no matter what, then stop that."

"Eh?"

"That thing where you call me Natsuki Subaru-san, by my full name. Natsuki-san or Subaru-san is fine, but I’d prefer one or the other. It makes me feel stiff."

At Subaru’s request, made as casually as possible with a shrug of his shoulders, 'White Sheep' widened her eyes and her lips moved wordlessly for a while.
Beside her, Beatrice let out a long sigh at Subaru.

"There is no need to read too much into it, I suppose. He is simply saying it exactly as it sounds, in fact."

"What’s with that unnecessary disclaimer... what other meaning could there be?"

"I don't know, I suppose~ I won't tell you, in fact~"

"That’s the way someone who knows says it!"

As Beatrice covered her ears and turned her head away, Subaru puffed out his cheeks in a sulk. Perhaps the tension had been drained by the exchange between the two, as 'White Sheep', who had been stunned until then, suddenly relaxed her shoulders.
And then—,

"—Would Subaru-san and Beatrice-san be alright?"

"Yeah, that’s fine. You can even call her Be-chin."

"Be-chin!? Even Subaru has never called me that, in fact!?"

"I-I don't think I'd get a response, so I'll stick with this..."

Giving a very humble reaction, 'White Sheep' let go of the historic right to call Beatrice 'Be-chin'. However, 'White Sheep', who seemed to have no regrets about that, instead looked at Subaru with eyes that held some other kind of anxiety.
Subaru furrowed his eyebrows at her state, and at the same time, her lips moved—,

"Um, Subaru-san, Ti—"

"—Hey! How long are you guys gonna dawdle! Hurry up and come!"

But then, Rachins, his voice rough and raspy, barged in.
At Rachins' glare, with his sharp sanpaku eyes even more honed than usual, 'White Sheep' shrank her shoulders as if frightened, letting out a "Hyuu". Protecting 'White Sheep' behind him, Subaru looked squarely at Rachins.

"You really don't look good in that robe."

"Shut up, leave me alone! Anyway, why do I have to be ordered around by Russell Fellow? Let the guys with the slave contracts do the work."

"I-It's not a slave contract or anything like that!"

"White Sheep-chan, when you get that frantic, it sounds like the truth..."

Admonishing 'White Sheep' for taking Rachins' foul mouth so seriously, Subaru once more looked towards the distant castle and exhaled a long breath. —Just praying for her safety.

"Emilia is surely praying for the same thing for Subaru, I suppose."

"For us, you mean. I'd be happier that way, and it's more like Emilia."

Responding to Beatrice, who could sense his inner thoughts with a single glance, Subaru turned his back on the castle as if to shake off his lingering attachments and began to walk.
The plan was to pass through the standby point and board the dragon carriage parked outside.
And then, inside the standby point which was quickly becoming empty, he spotted a robed back trying to carry out a box about the size of a person's torso.
He didn't know what was in the box, but they seemed to be struggling with its considerable weight.

"Should I carry this to the carriage outside?"

"Ah..."

Reaching out quickly, Subaru picked up the box in their stead—no, 'picking it up' was a lie. It was quite heavy, so it required a bit of a "heave-ho" effort.
Fortunately, he was able to lift it by himself, so he saved face. As Subaru felt internally relieved, the person who had been struggling with the box—someone with their hood pulled down low—gave a bewildered reaction.

"—? You okay?"

To the bewildered person, Subaru tilted his head.
He couldn't see their face because of the hood, but it was a slender person. That said, in terms of being unrecognizable, 'Black Dog' was far more suspicious, so it wasn't a special reason to be wary.
Rather than being wary, Subaru was suspicious of the person's awkward reaction. However, before he could pursue it, the person bowed their head and hurriedly ran off.

"How rude, not even saying thank you, I suppose."

"Well, some people are shy. Not everyone is as friendly and cute as Garfiel."

"Why Garfiel there... well, I suppose I understand, in fact."

Charm is expressed not just through looks, but through attitude and speech.
As Subaru and Beatrice nodded to each other over this shared camp consensus, 'White Sheep', who noticed Subaru carrying the luggage, called out "I'm sorry."

"To have Subaru-san carry it... I'll tell 'Blue Snake'-san later."

"No, no, this is nothing... Wait, was that person 'Blue Snake'? That’s the person who treated my burns, right?"

"Eh, ah, yes. A very skilled user of healing magic."

When Subaru reacted to the code name he was told—'Blue Snake'—'White Sheep' confirmed it. Sheep, Dog, Fox, and then a healer being a Snake was quite stylish.
In Subaru's knowledge, snakes and medicine were inseparable. There were stories that Asclepius, the doctor in Greek mythology, had a single snake wrapped around his staff.
Surely, the connection between that and 'Blue Snake's' name was a coincidence, though.

"Then I'm the one who should be saying thanks. Just carrying some luggage doesn't even count as returning the favor."

"Ah, but it might be difficult. 'Blue Snake'-san doesn't seem to like talking to other people much... we've been told by 'Silver Fox' to respect that wish."

"Hmm? A doctor who dislikes people. ...That sounds even more like a great doctor."

Skilled but eccentric is practically a requirement for a great doctor in manga or anime.
Regardless, accepting 'White Sheep's' point, Subaru gave up on contacting 'Blue Snake'. Instead, he decided that if he saw them struggling with luggage again, he would help and repay the debt bit by bit.
In any case—,

"—Let's go. In order to come back again."

Yes, as if telling no one else but himself, Natsuki Subaru made his declaration and, taking Beatrice who snuggled close to him, stepped out of the standby point.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"—The principle of 'Recognition Obstruction' is to slightly change the impression and atmosphere that something originally possesses, and how those are emitted, to minimize any notice at each moment. In other words,"

"In other words?"

"Under a strict surveillance network, it is nothing more than a small comfort. Do not over-rely on it."

Said Russell, sitting opposite Subaru in the dragon carriage. Subaru nodded slightly and pulled his and Beatrice's hoods a little deeper.

They were inside a line of dragon carriages disguised as a merchant caravan leaving the Royal Capital, organized by the 'Six Tongues'.
The dragon carriages provided were not of high quality, but general-purpose ones with all flamboyance removed, the kind used by peddlers on the highways, let alone in the Capital. To maintain the merchant caravan disguise, there weren't just one or two carriages, but a line of ten, which made Subaru worry if it would actually draw attention.

"Rest assured. Currently, the Royal Capital is in a state of slight tension. Many are choosing to temporarily leave the capital to avoid this. We are simply joining them."

"That 'state of tension'..."

"Naturally, it’s due to the fear that dangerous fugitives might be hiding in the city. A significant number of Kingdom soldiers have been mobilized, and solemn investigations are underway. While Lord McMahon's death has been kept from the public, the atmosphere of an emergency cannot be hidden."

"Well, it would be... everyone must be full of anxiety."

As the anticipated atmosphere of the capital was confirmed, Subaru felt pity for the people of the capital caught up in the secret maneuvers of 'Lust'. Then, Russell narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Does Natsuki-dono worry so much not just for Emilia-sama and your camp, but for the citizens of the capital as well?"

"Eh? No, well, it’s not exactly 'worrying' so much as I wonder if they're okay. Even Capella wouldn't... the reason for my feeling might be because I can't say for sure she wouldn't pointlessly swap citizens around with her Authority."

As a member with decision-making power in the Royal Castle, swapping members of the 'Council of Sages' or high-ranking nobles would be the optimal move for taking over the country. Compared to that, using the Authority on citizens wouldn't go beyond mere harassment, but Capella was the type who would gleefully do even that.
Of course, that act in Pristella must have been aimed at making her existence and the effects of 'Lust's' Authority known, to keep the 'Six Tongues' busy, but—,

"――――"

"...Wait, Russell-san?"

Suddenly, as he thought that far, Subaru noticed that Russell was silent.
At Subaru's call, Russell, who was stroking his goatee and squinting one eye, said "No" and added briefly,

"Natsuki-dono's concern is reasonable. I don't know if it will be of any comfort, but the 'Six Tongues' are not pulling out of the capital all at once. A significant number remain for situational awareness and disruption work. If you could place your trust in their efforts."

"Yeah, sorry, but I have no choice but to leave that to you, Russell-san. If I had ten or twenty arms and five or six bodies, I could have been more useful..."

"That is a ridiculous metaphor, I suppose. Subaru is more than perfect as he is now, in fact."

"I appreciate the 'more than perfect' evaluation. ...Anyway, Russell-san and the others are the only ones I can rely on for that side. Show me the true power of the intelligence agency 'Six Tongues'."

Subaru showed his firmly clenched fist, and Russell dipped his chin as if to say he understood. While finding that response reliable, Subaru turned his attention to the rear of the dragon carriage—towards the other carriages.
As mentioned, the 'Six Tongues' merchant caravan consisted of over ten carriages, but Subaru and the others were in the lead, with personnel distributed among them. What Subaru was particularly concerned about was Crusch, who had not woken up once at the standby point.

Ever since she fell asleep in the sewers, she had not regained consciousness.
Just before falling asleep, Crusch had mentioned the influence of the 'Dragon Eye', but that was based on her own diagnosis, and in truth, no one knew exactly what that 'Dragon Eye' was.
Beatrice had told him there were no factors other than fatigue, but—,

"Are you concerned about Crusch-sama?"

"Well, yes. But it's the same for you, isn't it? If you want to borrow Crusch-san's strength to fight the 'Beloved Children', shouldn't you be anxious?"

"The concern is certainly there. However, a person who would have no equal in diagnosis says there are no concerns about Crusch-sama's body itself. Of course, there is concern regarding the 'Dragon Eye' mentioned in Natsuki-dono's story..."

"For now, we just have to treat her with care and wait quietly for her to wake up, huh."

"That is correct."

Being responded to politely regarding his concerns, Subaru sighed at the many things beyond his power.
In fact, the ones who viewed Crusch’s safety as most important were the 'Six Tongues'. There was no doubt they would exert all their power for her. For that purpose, they would even use a skilled healer—,

"Come to think of it, 'Blue Snake'-san? I saw them briefly earlier, but is that person staying with Crusch-san?"

"—. Did you meet 'Blue Snake'?"

"Eh? Yeah, just at the level of passing each other right before we left. They didn't speak to me. 'White Sheep'-chan said so too, but they're a shy person, huh."

"...That's right. Broadly speaking, you are not wrong. 'Blue Snake' is also attending to Crusch-sama. Please rest assured."

Whether the fact that the shy or people-hating 'Blue Snake' met Subaru was so surprising, Subaru found it fresh to see Russell's reaction, which for the first time took a moment to respond.
However, while he felt relieved to hear 'Blue Snake' was with Crusch—,

"Ferris must be pretty worried too."

Ferris, who was dismissed from his position as the first knight by Crusch and had rejected Subaru's offer to mediate between them. —His whereabouts since they parted at the Royal Capital's cemetery were unknown, but he must still be in the capital. Naturally, this commotion must have reached his ears too.
He hoped at least he had joined up with Wilhelm and wouldn't do anything rash—as he thought that.

"—We stopped?"

Feeling the dragon carriage come to a halt, Subaru couldn't help but stiffen his body. He instinctively pulled Beatrice's shoulder close, preparing for a sudden situation.
But at Subaru’s reaction, Russell, facing him, smiled and said, "Please rest assured."

"It seems we have reached the waiting line for inspection at the main gate of the capital. It's always crowded, but it seems we'll be waiting quite a while."

"Waiting quite a while? It’s almost night, but are that many people leaving the capital?"

"Those who are quick-eared, quick-deciding, or sensitive to profit and loss are limited to a few, but day or night doesn't matter to such people. If this atmosphere spreads more tomorrow, even more people might move."

"It's just like a repeat of the Empire, I suppose. Back then, many people fled from the Imperial Capital as well, in fact."

"I was remembering the same thing. As expected, I don't want to make it the same as the Imperial Capital."

Subaru nodded at Beatrice's words, recalling the Imperial Capital, Lupugana, in Vollachia.
The memory of the mass exodus of Imperial citizens from the Imperial Capital, which had turned into a city of corpses due to Sphinx leading the 'Great Disaster', under Abel's instructions, was still fresh. But that worked because it was Vollachia, where powerful top-down leadership exists; expecting the same in Lugnica was difficult.
Furthermore, unlike the dead, there was no way to tell the 'Beloved Children' of Capella apart.

"That is what Crusch-sama's Divine Protection is for, and why we are here. —Natsuki-dono, I believe I don't need to tell you this now, but please, always seek the best path."

Russell, his voice dropping slightly in tone, looked Subaru straight in the eye. Russell said this not with the face of a merchant, but with the face of the head of an intelligence organization—the Director of the 'Six Tongues'.
Words that he must be enjoining upon himself as being more important than anything.

"Seeking the best path..."

"Yes, that is right. For the sake of the Kingdom, for the future, for those dear to you—whatever it may be, in order to reach the final goal, always pursue the best. So that you may choose it, even if it is a choice accompanied by pain, to achieve that goal."

"――――"

His way of speaking was detached, devoid of heat. However, that didn't mean it didn't strike Subaru's heart.
Certainly, words that carry heat and appeal to emotions strike the heart. However, the reason Russell's words didn't feel hot was because they had already been struck and finished being forged until they would no longer change shape.
Iron is struck while it is hot to forge it into the desired shape. —However, there is no meaning in heating and striking iron that has already established its shape, only to warp it on purpose.

"—It seems we have reached the inspection. I will go and handle it, so please wait."

Stop, move, and stop again. Called by the coachman from the small window of the dragon carriage that had been repeating this, Russell stood up and got out of the carriage.
Watching his back, Subaru let out a long breath. Then, Beatrice beside him said,

"Good grief, I suppose. That man... I am convinced now that he is a friend of Roswaal, in fact."

"As expected of Beako. I thought the same thing. Just by the direction they face, the way they lean their vectors feels identical. ...Seeking the best path, huh."

"Subaru is always doing that, I suppose. Betty gives her seal of approval, in fact."

Beatrice was huffy, as if Subaru had been told he was being lazy.
Of course, Russell shouldn't have had such an intention, and Beatrice knew that too. At the same time, she knew that capable people would always harbor such impatience.

"—The inspection is pretty solemn."

Standing up, Subaru opened the small window leading to the driver's seat slightly to peek outside. Looking out side-by-side with Beatrice, who peeked in from next to him saying "I suppose," he saw the usual windows for processing at the Royal Capital's main gate, along with temporary lookout towers and waiting areas built separately.
It seemed that at the window, people were being asked to submit passage permits and cargo manifests; usually, just entering or leaving the capital wouldn't be this strict. The alert level that had been laid out at the entrance of the noble district further up was now being applied even down here.

"Yes, we are very concerned. Therefore, it is also common for merchants to move in a hurry. We have the necessary permits and manifests ready. The cargo has already been given stamped tags, but would you like to see them for yourselves here?"

Looking, he saw that at the inspection point, Russell was talking to the guard in charge.
'White Sheep' was by his side, and Russell was rapidly thrusting multiple documents held by her, who was in the 'Recognition Obstruction' robe, at the guard.
From that quiet yet certainly pushy intensity, the guard seemed to be getting dizzy.

"I don't see any flaws in the documents, and the merchant guild's seal is indeed there. The items on the manifest are... mainly related to medical supplies?"

"They are items where the time of transport is directly linked to human lives."

Leveraging his public title as a representative of the merchant guild, and further appealing to their sense of ethics with the contents of the cargo, Russell left the guard no room to find fault.
And to top it off—,

"Please! Without these medicines, everyone in my village...!"

'White Sheep', her voice trembling, took the guard's hand and pleaded with an attitude that didn't seem like acting. Faced with that, the hesitation that had been on the guard's face finally crumbled away.
With his hand still held by 'White Sheep', the guard cleared his throat with a plausible face and,

"I-I understand. I don't see any particular problems. I permit passage—"

"—Wait! Who said it was alright to skip the procedures!"

"—!"

Just as the person in charge was about to give permission and 'White Sheep' was on the verge of being moved, a "wait" was called. The person who reached out from the side and cut in was an older individual.
Presumably, a superior of the person in charge. That superior, who had jumped out from the waiting area, snatched the documents from his subordinate's hand and, while checking the contents, said,

"A certificate from the merchant guild and cargo with a seal, huh. But rules are rules."

"That is a noble thought, but is this a situation where such literal-mindedness is appropriate?"

"A merchant-like thing to say, but just as merchants have their ways, guards have their pride."

"I see. —Understood."

The subordinate stood at attention at his superior's words, and seeing that, Russell gave a nod. Even from a distance, 'White Sheep's' nervousness was palpable, but it was the same for Subaru and the others.
He knew the necessary documents were ready and they had dummy carriages, but,

"T-This might be bad... Beako! Get in my pocket right now!"

"You're panicking too much, I suppose! No matter how minimum-pretty Betty is, I won't fit, in fact! More importantly, stay more dignified—"

Panicking at the possibility of the carriage being inspected, Subaru and Beatrice fumbled around.
Perhaps sensing such a vibration from Subaru and the others, Russell, who happened to look back, waved his hand lightly to reassure everyone in the caravan.
At that, Subaru felt relieved that there was a plan—and then it happened.

A large tremor and the sound of something breaking, followed by multiple screams, were heard from behind the waiting line.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

At first, Subaru almost mistook that tremor for the carriage starting, that sound for the creaking of the vehicle body, and those voices for some kind of cheering, putting it all together in a misunderstanding.
That was how suddenly it happened, without any warning.

"What!?"

Changing color, while still holding Beatrice, Subaru leapt onto the carriage seat and looked out from the large window to check behind the line—towards where the commotion was heard.
What he saw were a disordered line of carriages, rising smoke, multiple figures jumping out from the smoke as if in a panic, and a building that appeared half-collapsed within the smoke.

"Is that... an accident?"

"It looks that way, I suppose. From the look of it, a carriage with a broken axle or something was the trigger, and it became a multi-vehicle pile-up, in fact."

"And it crashed into a building by the road, huh. That’s bad, there look to be a lot of injured people."

As Russell had said, the cause was likely the congestion, which was worse than usual due to the chaos in the capital. Because it was an accident that happened in the middle of a massive traffic jam, there was pushing and shoving.
He didn't know how many casualties there were, but they had to get people out of the accident site immediately—,

"—Natsuki-dono, permission has been granted. The carriages are moving. Please sit down."

To the flustered Subaru and Beatrice, Russell, who had returned to the carriage, spoke sharply. Hearing those words, Subaru tried to call out "Russell-san," and,

"Eh...? What did you just say? The carriages are moving?"

"Yes. The people in charge have gone to deal with the accident behind us. They said we, whose documents are flawless, may pass. It is also necessary to clear the jammed line of carriages."

"No, but..."

"There are injured people, I suppose. You said the cargo had medical supplies, in fact."

"It is a disguise. There is more than just what’s on the manifest. If we open the cargo, that will also be exposed. I told you, didn't I? —Always seek the best path."

There was no harshness in his expression or voice, yet the sharpness of the content was too keen.
Slashed by those words, Subaru stiffened his cheeks at this all-too-early opportunity to put it into practice. —He understood Russell's argument. Here too, he understood, but.

"—White Sheep, explain to Natsuki-dono."

"—っ"

Sighing at the silence of Subaru, who had looked down and gritted his teeth, Russell spoke to her behind him. There was 'White Sheep', who had just peeked into the carriage.
A breath caught in the back of her throat, and she turned her moist, round eyes towards Russell. However, Russell did not turn to her, and called her name once more, "'White Sheep'."
Hearing that, 'White Sheep' climbed into the carriage as if breaking through something and placed her hand over Subaru's hand on the window frame—,

"Subaru-san, please listen this time. It's alright. I'm sure the guards will handle it properly. —It will be alright."

"...White Sheep-chan."

Following Russell, who was trying to make a heartless decision, 'White Sheep' pleaded with him like that.
For a moment, a strong surge of defiance was about to be born within Subaru, but 'White Sheep's' voice and the trembling of her hand poignantly conveyed that she too did not truly want to overlook this.
She was desperate, she was earnest, yet she was still trying to do what was best. —Then, what was it that Subaru should do here?

"—Subaru."

From within his arms, Beatrice called Subaru's name.
What was in her eyes was trust in Subaru and the light of resolve. No matter what his choice was, she would go along with what Subaru chose, with the exact same brilliance as when she promised in the sewers to go to hell together.
Even if it meant carrying a sin together, Beatrice would not waver.

"For now, from here..."

"Yes, that’s right. It is a wise decision, Natsuki-dono. That is the best path for this situation."

'White Sheep's' hand was on top of his; Subaru slowly lowered his hand from the window frame. Seeing Subaru's movement, Russell said so as if relieved.
Yes, that’s right. What Russell says is correct. He should follow it here.

"――――"

The accident might be considered a kind of divine blessing.
Just as the carriage was about to be inspected and Subaru and the others were about to be found.
The guards' hands were occupied with the rescue, and they could escape this place.

—Everything, for the sake of saving the Royal Capital, the Kingdom.

That's why—,

"—Ah?"

The moment he tried to come to terms with the idea that pulling away was the right thing to do, Subaru saw it in the scenery outside the window, which he hadn't been able to take his eyes off of in a lingering way.

—The figure of 'Blue Snake' running straight towards the accident site, white robe fluttering.

"――――"

—.
――――.
――――――Are you an idiot, Natsuki Subaru?

"...Always seek the best path, that's what you said, didn't you, Russell-san."

"—? Yes. Your judgment is correct. Let's leave immediately. We..."

"Then!"

"—っ!?"

"Then my best path is not to abandon someone I can save right here!!"

Declaring so in a loud voice, Subaru put his hand back on the window frame.
And, leaving a "Sorry!" to 'White Sheep', who stood wide-eyed after having her hand shaken off, and to Russell beyond her,

"Let's go, Beako! Lend me your strength!"

"Of course, understood and agreed, I suppose!"

Still holding Beatrice, Subaru leaped out of the dragon carriage window. From behind, he heard Russell calling his name, but he didn't stop. He couldn't stop.
The accident is a divine blessing? Ridiculous. An accident is a tragedy. By no means is it a salvation.

"You're right! I was wrong!"

If he hadn't seen the back of 'Blue Snake' as they ran off, he wouldn't even have realized that.
One hundred percent, 'Blue Snake' was right. Looking at that back, a wave of sheer shame welled up within him.

How stupid are you, Natsuki Subaru.
Why don't you understand, Natsuki Subaru.
Even if there are people who would throw away their lives if they wished, his own standards would not change.

—That nothing at all changes.

"What is this!? Hey, it's dangerous here! Those who aren't guards—"

"There are injured people, right! I'll help! We'll pull everyone out!"

In the rising dust, right in front of the accident site, an older guard—the superior who had insisted on the carriage inspection earlier—stared wide-eyed at Subaru as he ran up, covering his mouth with his hand.
A man who suddenly appeared, holding a cute young girl in his arms. The other person's bewilderment was natural.
However, that bewilderment wouldn't be a reason to hold Subaru and the others back.

"We can use magic! We'll be useful! Let us help!"

"—っ, we can't have too many hands. Come!"

A moment of hesitation; it was but a paper wall before the older guard's stance of valuing human life. Directed by the guard who had broken through it in a single breath, Subaru and Beatrice stepped into the accident site.
In the space where dust rose and the groans of pain and the crying of children could be heard, as confirmed from afar, it was a multi-vehicle pile-up triggered by a single carriage with a broken axle, and a chain reaction where a building caught in it had collapsed and half-toppled over.

People bleeding, and those lying limp and motionless. Ground dragons stamping their feet in excitement, and voices and shouts for rescue flying right and left—it had become a huge commotion.
Facing the scene, his gaze wandered as he wondered where to start—,

"—Over here! Help me here!"

That voice was particularly loud, cutting through the noise where voices mixed together and piercing Subaru's eardrums.
Looking, he saw 'Blue Snake' in the white robe, crouching on the ground deep within the drifting dust, holding their hands over an injured person pinned under rubble.
Running up to 'Blue Snake', Subaru saw the state of the injured person—a heavy injury where a part of a broken beam had pierced through the torso and a lot of blood was flowing.
And then—,

"Use Beatrice-chan's magic to make the beam lighter and pull it out! You can do it, right!?"

"Yeah, I can! I can, but why do you..."

"Oh, honestly! Your intuition is dull!"

Saying so roughly in irritation, the next moment, 'Blue Snake', who had been applying healing magic to the dying person's wound, violently pulled off their hood. What appeared from underneath was flaxen hair down to the neck, and the cat ears of a demi-human that asserted their presence as if parting the hair—,

"—Ferris?"

Dumbfounded, Subaru's lips called that name.
Because the familiar face he hadn't expected to be there—the person who had rushed to a dying life faster than anyone, 'Blue' Ferris, was there, desperately working.
