Arc 10 Part 25: "I Want to Love You, Who Smiles"


—He had thought that the time to pay off a long-accumulated debt would come in a far more dramatic fashion.

“—Heinkel Astrea-dono, a summons to the Royal Capital has been issued. We require you to accompany us.”

It was in the middle of the day, while Heinkel was clutching cheap liquor in the corner of a tavern, worrying over his bleak future prospects, when he was surrounded by knights clad in the white uniforms of the Royal Knights. 

Looking at the knights who were calling for his surrender while fully aware of his identity, Heinkel felt genuine sympathy for them, thinking they had been saddled with a job they didn't want to do.

“The Capital, the Capital, huh... Just what crime are you trying to drag me in for?”

“Unfortunately, we do not have the authority to disclose that to you. However, should you resist...”

The tension gradually tightened among the knights.

Though his breath smelled of alcohol, his mind was not yet clouded by drunkenness. Heinkel's instincts told him that, in addition to the three in front of him, there was another squad of knights waiting outside the tavern. 

To put it simply, they were prepared to use force. And Heinkel did not possess the strength required to overpower their sense of duty. 

And above all—

“Even if I run, it's checkmate, huh...”

It wasn't as if he was downing cheap liquor out of pure, mindless desperation. Before putting the cheap booze to his lips, he had racked his brains trying to find some kind of way out. The reason his feet had eventually led him to the tavern anyway was because, no matter what, he hadn't wanted to admit it. —That he was already completely out of options.

“—”

Staring down at the liquor still half-remaining in his cup on the counter, Heinkel bit his lip. 

For the two goals that Heinkel had to achieve, he absolutely required a certain position—one that would allow him to intervene in the Royal Selection. 

Originally, his contact with Priscilla had been a fluke, and his gaining of that position was a mere stroke of luck, but only after losing it did he realize too late that it was something he could not afford to lose. Therefore, excluding the Crusch camp, which his father was involved with, and the Felt camp, which his son was involved with, his best option was to have one of the remaining two camps take him in.

“Emilia-sama's camp is out of the question, and the Kararagi one... Anastasia-sama's camp is too.”

Even someone like Heinkel could understand how difficult that would be. 

While he would have liked to place his hopes on Anastasia, who possessed a merchant's rationality, she was quite friendly with Emilia, as had been clear in the Vollachia Empire. In all likelihood, Anastasia had already been told about the pathetic display Heinkel had made of himself in front of Emilia. 

Even without that, Heinkel was well aware that his own reputation was at rock bottom.

Consequently, there was no chance of Heinkel being employed by any of the candidates. 

And that was more than enough reason for him to be crushed as the faint light of hope he had begun to see vanished.

“Heinkel Astrea-dono. —What is your response?”

Faced with the demand for a definitive answer amidst the heightened tension, Heinkel downed the remaining alcohol in his cup in one gulp, and let his hand drop. 

In the end, he never found the resolve to reach for the beloved sword hanging at his waist.



During his transport, Heinkel was pushed into a dragon carriage without even having his hands bound, which left him feeling anticlimactic. 

He had fully prepared himself for a much rougher journey, one where he wouldn't even be treated like a human being.

“...In the end, under what pretext is this happening?”

Sandwiched between the knights who, as usual, refused to answer even when asked, Heinkel pondered what crimes he was being charged with. —Countless possibilities came to mind.

He had completely abandoned his duties as Vice Commander of the Royal Guard and his position as the lord of the Astrea territory, and there was a very real possibility of him being accused of interfering in the domestic affairs of the Vollachia Empire. Most recently, there was also the fact that he had tried to cooperate with the plan Aldebaran had cooked up. 

Though, in regards to that, it had seemingly fallen through before anything could even start, to the point where Heinkel, who had been approached with the proposal, felt like shouting, “This isn't what we agreed on!”

But Heinkel had no intention of blaming Aldebaran for that. 

For someone who tried to accomplish something to end up failing to achieve it—if he were to start blaming people for that, Heinkel himself drowning in torment a hundred times over wouldn't be enough.

Once again, everything was back to square one. 

Both dragging Reinhard down from his seat as the 'Sword Saint', and waking his wife who had been asleep for nearly twenty years.

Or perhaps, the time had finally come. 

The time for even his reasons to struggle to be stripped away, forcing him to face the reality that he should just give up already. If that was the case, it was almost laughable.

“...Even so, this is strange.”

After a few days of travel to the Royal Capital, guided by the knights who stubbornly kept their mouths shut, Heinkel stepped down from the dragon carriage and frowned, realizing that this place was not the royal castle, nor the knights' barracks, and certainly not a prison. 

Standing before him was an old church built in a corner of the Royal Capital—the property of the 'Divine Dragon Church', a building that Heinkel had reasons of his own for finding difficult to look at directly.

The 'Divine Dragon Church' was the state religion of the Kingdom of Lugnica, a fortress of prayer where the majority of the populace, despite varying degrees of piety, offered their faith to the 'Divine Dragon' whose blessings they received. 

In the past, Heinkel too had frequently visited to offer prayers, wishing for his sleeping wife to awaken. —But after a certain night, he had never set foot there again. He lacked the right to do so; that was Heinkel's current self-perception regarding the church. 

In that house of prayer of the 'Divine Dragon Church', Heinkel was ushered through the entrance, where waiting for him was a girl clad in nun's habits, possessing long blonde hair and crimson eyes—

“Ah! I've been waiting for you, Heinkel-sama!”

The moment she saw Heinkel's face, the girl sent her chair clattering backward with a loud noise and came pattering toward him in a rush. Faced with the sheer momentum of this restless girl who wore a radiant smile, Heinkel reflexively took a half-step back. 

What he felt from her was not hostility. It was goodwill. The reason he stepped back was not because of a threat. It was doubt. The source of that doubt quickly bore fruit as he scanned her from head to toe once more.

Beautiful golden hair, and crimson eyes like burning gems. 

Those were traits that shouldn't be possible.

“—I am Philaure Lugnica. I am delighted to meet you, Heinkel-sama. I have been eagerly looking forward to your arrival!”

“Phil...aure...!?”

“—? Yes, that's right, Philaure. That is my name... Ah, but of course! It must be shocking to hear for someone who knows. Things have been so hectic around me lately that it completely slipped my mind.”

As she spoke, the girl—who called herself Philaure—playfully stuck out her tongue as if to hide her embarrassment. The shock that struck Heinkel was beyond words. 

After all, there shouldn't be two people in this world who possessed that name.

“And to you all as well, thank you very much for your assistance. The 'Dragon' will surely be pleased with your splendid work. As the scriptures say, 'The sword is swung by human arms, but life is guided by the Dragon's will. The footsteps of the chosen knight turn even tracks of blood into a silver road.'”

Philaure called out to the knights standing at the church's entrance behind the shaken Heinkel. Hearing her clear, resonant voice, the knights seemed to exchange glances. 

Of course, from the perspective of the men who had escorted Heinkel here, they wouldn't want to leave Heinkel and Philaure alone in this place. However, ignoring the knights' concerns, Philaure made a tight fist and said, “No need to worry!”

“This gentleman is of the lineage of the 'Sword Saint' and a splendid individual chosen by the 'Divine Dragon'. I personally guarantee it! This is a monumental encounter for the Kingdom as well!”

Philaure puffed out her chest and thumped it as she boasted, leaving the knights no less bewildered. 

Meanwhile, Heinkel also had intense thoughts about her statement. So much so, in fact, that it dragged him right back to reality from the initial shock of her name.

“Please call us immediately if anything happens. We shall be waiting outside.”

Given their position, that was likely the absolute limit of the concessions they could make. 

Leaving those words behind, the knights—who kept a sharp eye on Heinkel until the very end—closed the church entrance and waited outside. Once the figures of the knights disappeared behind the doors, Philaure crossed her arms, muttering, “What a bother.”

“Given the situation, it's only natural for everyone to worry, but... right now, this is the priority. Once again, Heinkel Astrea-sama, I am so glad to meet—”

“—Just what did you mean by that earlier?”

“Fueh?”

He took a step forward, closing the half-step distance he had previously opened, and questioned her. Loomed over from such a close distance, Philaure widened her crimson eyes. 

What an uncomfortable pair of eyes they were. Her well-featured face bore far too many resemblances to the Lugnica royal family. —But that was impossible.

“Philaure Lugnica is the princess who disappeared from the castle fifteen years ago. But that person was already found in the slums a long time ago, and is currently in the Royal Selection...”

“—Ah, you mean Felt. Yes, I've heard the rumors that she is suspected of being her as well. However, we have reached the conclusion that, as far as that goes, either of us is fine.”

“Huh...?”

“Whether it is I or her, one of us might be the princess who vanished from the royal castle fifteen years ago. Coincidentally, both she and I are said to be around fifteen years old, so I think a miraculous alignment of events has occurred in that regard. But that isn't what's important.”

“T-That's preposterous!”

Heinkel raised his voice at Philaure, who was so casually dismissing one of the Kingdom's greatest incidents. 

In fact, it was absurd. Because of that incident, many things had deviated from their proper course. And that was not unrelated to Heinkel, either. 

The numerous events that occurred in Lugnica's royal castle on that night fifteen years ago—

“And that ties into what you said earlier! Spouting nonsense about me being of the 'Sword Saint' lineage, and being chosen by the 'Dragon'...”

“But fifteen years ago, you bathed in the 'Dragon's Blood' stored in the royal castle, and without being crushed by the power of that blood, you proved compatible with it, Heinkel-sama, did you not?”

“Wh-at—”

“Ah, this was supposed to be a secret, wasn't it? Actually, I secretly read about it in the church's private archives, and only realized afterward that it shouldn't be spread around.”

Philaure lowered her voice belatedly, but Heinkel was in no state to care. 

It was surprising enough that she had brought up the incident with the 'Dragon's Blood' fifteen years ago, but the ultimate shock was that it was recorded in the so-called private archives of the 'Divine Dragon Church'. 

He couldn't understand why. True, there was a period when Heinkel frequented the church, but he was hardly a devout believer, nor had he ever done anything as foolish as baring his soul to them. 

And above all—

“—”

The suspicion cast upon him, the events of that night fifteen years ago, could absolutely never be brought to light. 

The responsibility for it was not a matter that began and ended with Heinkel alone. It was a major crisis that could affect the Astrea family and the entire Kingdom of Lugnica. 

It was far from a matter that could be settled simply by Heinkel tearing out his own heart.

“Ha, I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about, fake princess.”

And so, Heinkel twisted his cheeks into a self-deprecating sneer, maliciously mocking Philaure. 

Hearing his words, Philaure's eyes went wide, and she gasped at Heinkel's denial. Had she truly never considered that he might deny it? If so, she was a foolish girl.

“Do you honestly believe that if you just approach everything with sheer honesty, everything will turn out beautifully? If so, you're incredibly naive. The world doesn't work that smoothly.”

“Heinkel-sama...”

“Don't address me with those fake honorifics! I don't know what you were expecting from me, but you're out of luck. Chosen by the 'Divine Dragon'? Don't make me laugh. A lineage of the 'Sword Saint'? Is that your target? The royal castle and the 'Divine Dragon Church' have always kept their distance from one another! To people like you who want the 'Divine Dragon' revered above all else, Reinhard must be a massive eyesore!”

As he spat out his rapid-fire insults, his chest was dyed in a murky blackness. 

Though he was only voicing whatever random thoughts popped into his head, he felt that, surprisingly, he might not be entirely wrong. The reputation of the 'Sword Saint' in the Kingdom of Lugnica was vast, and now that it had reached the generation of Reinhard, who was renowned as the greatest in history, it had practically ascended to the realm of worship. 

Perhaps, to the 'Divine Dragon Church', Reinhard was indeed a thorn in their side. 

There was a very real possibility they intended to use Heinkel to eliminate him. —The very card that Heinkel himself had been using to negotiate with candidates of the Royal Selection now took on a foul, damp air. 

But perhaps, if he considered one of his own goals, even that—

“—The reason I sought you out, Heinkel-sama, is because I wanted you to become my knight.”

—.

——.

————.

“...What?”

He felt as though his grinding thoughts, which had him biting down until he tasted blood, had caused him to hear some strange hallucination. 

Heinkel frowned at the mishearing, which could not be explained in any other way. However, entirely ignoring his confusion, Philaure raised her head and spoke. 

Once more, this time staring directly into his blue eyes:

“Heinkel Astrea-sama, I want you to become my knight. The first knight of this Philaure Lugnica, who is entering the Royal Selection late.”

“Are... wha-! Are you... out of your mind...!?”

“Oh, what a terrible thing to say! Just so you know, once you swear your oath of master and servant to me, I'll have you correct that attitude of yours as much as possible.”

Her follow-up comments only emphasized that he had not misheard. Yet, no matter how many assertions she piled up, a discussion whose very foundation was shaky could never hope to reach a solid conclusion. 

Philaure had said it. She wanted to make Heinkel her first knight, the knight of a Royal Selection candidate.

“Who put you up to this? What did they feed you? Don't tell me it was Reinhard? Did he say something to you? Is that why...”

“Don't be ridiculous! How could I decide something so important just because someone told me to? I chose this completely on my own!”

“Then you have an even worse eye for people than I thought! Did you not listen to anyone? What about the knights outside? There must have been plenty of other people you could have asked!”

“Yes, I did ask. Everyone made a grim face and strongly urged me to reconsider.”

“Then do as they said! Reconsider!”

“I did reconsider! But no matter how many times I thought about it, Heinkel-sama was still the best choice.”

Placed her hands on her hips, Philaure puffed her chest with pride. Her answer left Heinkel speechless. 

She was likely the type of person who would charge blindly ahead once she made up her mind. He could grasp that much from observing her behavior so far. He understood, but what on earth were the people around her doing?

“Priscilla-jou also had a stubborn streak where she wouldn't budge once she decided, but in her case, her decisiveness and execution left no room for argument...”

In terms of turning a ear to the advice of those around them, the two might be a close match. 

However, there was a vast difference between Priscilla and Philaure in terms of their dependability—or rather, their strength as an individual. 

To put it simply, Priscilla was an adult, while Philaure was a child. If a child was about to make a mistake, it was the duty of an adult to stop them. 

Even if that child held a grand title like Royal Selection candidate, and the adult in a position to admonish her was a foolish, miserable wretch who had failed to die and had absolutely no right to do so.

“You might be a dreamer, but what you're seeing is a nightmare. And it's a bad dream that you refuse to wake up from, despite everyone telling you it's one. Like hell I'd go along with that.”

Having spat those words out, Heinkel mocked his own foolishness. 

He had lost the candidate he was clinging to, and had drowned himself in alcohol believing his wishes would never be fulfilled. Yet, when presented with the hand of salvation he could have only dreamed of, he found himself unable to take it. 

If it were truly important to him, he should have reached out for it by any means necessary. —In that case, having spent fifteen years and still choosing which hand to hold, perhaps he wasn't truly serious after all.

Everything was merely the residue of his obsession; Heinkel's insides were completely empty—

“—You're so adorable, Heinkel-san!”

At that moment, the voice that echoed clearly in a corner of his mind shook Heinkel's very soul.

“—Louanna.”

He hadn't heard that voice even once for nearly twenty years. 

Even so, when he closed his eyes and thought of her smile, far from it feeling like yesterday, he could hear her voice as if she were standing right there with him at this very instant. Of course he could. Because he loved her. 

Even if Heinkel was an empty shell, the warmth of Louanna packed inside him and the things she had given him were entirely real.

Because not once, not for a single second, had that ever faded.

“I have been appointed to the position of 'Saint' of the 'Divine Dragon Church'. What I advocate as a Royal Selection candidate is the elimination of all obstacles to salvation, starting with resolving the friction between the royal castle and the church.”

Before the silent Heinkel, Philaure spoke quietly but with great conviction. 

Raising his head, Heinkel looked at Philaure. She was staring straight at him as always, but the words she spun no longer carried the flighty tone from earlier. 

He could feel that, in order to make her message hit home, she was carefully selecting her words, infusing them with her feelings and strength.

“Heinkel-sama, I have heard about your wife. I hear you have spent over ten years searching for a way to wake her without ever giving up. That is incredibly admirable.”

“...Admirable, my foot. I've got nothing to show for it. When Louanna hasn't even woken up, what's so admirable about that?”

“No, it is admirable! I suppose no one ever praises you, do they? But I think it is an amazing thing! It is not something just anyone can do. Indomitable... no, surely there were times your heart broke. But even so, standing back up is what makes you amazing!”

“—”

“That is why I want you to become my knight. Of course, from the perspective of a 'Saint', your being chosen by the 'Dragon' is a reason I cannot overlook. But above all, you are someone who cannot give up on doing everything in your power for the person you love. I am sure we will be a perfect fit!”

Raising her voice, Philaure reached out with her smooth, white hand. Her crimson eyes shone brilliantly as she appealed to Heinkel to take her hand.

A foolish girl—no matter how much he listened to her, that impression refused to fade. 

The person a Royal Selection candidate chose as their first knight would be someone entrusted not only with their life, but with their entire political destiny. Even if she possessed a grand title like 'Saint' of the 'Divine Dragon Church', Heinkel's infamy was more than enough to blow all of that away. 

There wasn't a single shred of a reason for Philaure to choose Heinkel as her knight.

He should refuse. He had to refuse. Not for anyone else's sake, but for the sake of the foolish girl right in front of him. 

So that this foolish and kind girl would not be mocked as an idiot or pointed at behind her back, Heinkel had to refuse this offer.

And yet, even though he should have refused—

“—Let me ask you one thing.”

He was supposed to laugh derisively and walk away, yet those words slipped from his mouth. 

It was not a rejection. Nor was it an insult. At his indication of wanting to continue the conversation, Philaure tilted her head.

“What is it?”

“There are rumors that the 'Divine Dragon Church' possesses secret healing arts that are forbidden to be made public. If... if those truly exist...”

“—Do you mean the Sacraments?”

“—! They exist?!”

Heinkel practically lunged at Philaure's words, which indicated she knew of them. Startled by his intensity, Philaure blinked, and then cast her gaze down slightly. 

The change in her expression, while affirming the existence of the Sacraments, silently conveyed that she had no certainty they would answer Heinkel's expectations—of waking his sleeping wife.

“...They exist. But I do not know if they will have any effect on your wife.”

Just as expected, after a brief silence, Philaure shook her head. 

Yet, he was not excessively discouraged. Heinkel was well accustomed to having his hopes betrayed and being thrown off a cliff. He had already proven many times that he wouldn't die from it.

“I see. Of course. ...Yeah, I figured as much.”

He had already lived in disgrace for long enough. 

From any logical standpoint, he shouldn't even have asked that question. Yet he had. And after doing so, his expectations had been thrown away. 

With this—

“—Which is why we have to try it. I've been told over and over again not to use them much, but since it's to help someone, I'm sure it's fine.”

“—Huh?”

“Ah, but as I just said, I don't know for sure if it will work. The Sacraments aren't all-powerful, and they depend on the state of the person's soul... But the 'Divine Dragon Church' has other things that haven't been made public as well, so as long as we don't give up, a way is bound to open. Yes, I'm sure of it.”

Philaure balled her other hand into a tight fist, leaving her extended hand as it was, and once again passionately emphasized her point just as she had at the beginning. 

Stunned by her passionate conviction, Heinkel blinked and let out a raspy breath.

“—”

Philaure did not say she could do it. 

She didn't promise him to leave it to her, nor did she guarantee she would save her. —She merely vowed not to give up.

For twenty years, Heinkel had been misunderstood by everyone, mocked as a fool time and again, yet the girl before him validated the very thing he had been unable to discard, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. 

He knew it. —That everyone, even the Heinkel reflected in the mirror, believed deep down in their hearts that it was impossible.

“Heinkel-sama, please guide me. Well, the Astrea family is famous enough that even I have an idea of where it is, but going in while the master of the house isn't there makes me feel a bit hesitant. Plus, things are a bit complicated between me and Felt...”

As if unable to waste another moment, Philaure began walking briskly before coming to a sudden halt. She spun around to face Heinkel, whom she had walked past, and gestured for him to follow. 

As she turned, her eyes widened in shock. —For right there in front of Philaure, Heinkel had dropped to one knee and bowed his head.

“Heinkel-sama...?”

“I apologize for the repeated impoliteness I have shown you up until now, Philaure-jou.”

To the startled Philaure, Heinkel deliberately composed his voice and spoke.

If he became the knight of a Royal Selection candidate, he could once more involve himself in the selection. 

If she was a 'Saint' capable of manipulating even the hidden Sacraments of the 'Divine Dragon Church', she might be able to awaken Louanna. 

If there was a possibility she carried the blood of the royal family, then through her authority, he might gain access to the ancient knowledge sleeping within the royal castle, or perhaps even the 'Dragon's Blood' itself.

If he lined up such calculations, he could conjure up any number of reasons to kneel. 

Yet, the reason Heinkel knelt here now was not because of any of those calculations.

—Do I still want to play the knight, even now?

“I wish to accept your offer. —Please make me your knight, Philaure-jou.”

“—”

“You may come to regret choosing me, but...”

“No, I won't! Absolutely not!”

At Philaure, who smiled as brightly as a blooming flower, Heinkel felt a sting of embarrassment wash over him and bit the inside of his cheek. 

Still kneeling, he unfastened the sword from his waist, placed it on the ground, and offered his deepest salute. —The way he straightened his back, the angle at which he looked up at his lord, and the etiquette of a knight offering his sword had not been erased by twenty years of disgrace.

The wreckage of a knight who had once sworn loyalty to the royal family was, at this late stage, putting on airs once again. 

How comical. Truly, utterly comical.

Coated in that humorless absurdity, Heinkel Astrea became the first knight of Philaure Lugnica, the new candidate of the Royal Selection.

—That was the day the master-servant relationship between the 'Saint' and the 'Sword-Turner' was established.