Arc 3 Chapter 30: "Rem's Will"

Subaru noticed the Dragon Carriage's speed beginning to ease when, by his internal sense of time, roughly six hours had passed since leaving the royal capital.

As the scenery outside the small window grew gentler, Subaru reached for his own chin, brow furrowing in suspicion. The stubble he felt beneath his fingers confirmed that his internal clock was more or less accurate.

Rubbing his aching backside from sitting so long, he stood and made for the window at the front of the cargo bed that connected to the driver's seat. He hadn't used it while they were running at full speed, not wanting to disturb Rem, but the situation now left him no choice but to use it to ask her true intentions.

"Rem, why are we slowing down? We don't exactly have time to dawdle—"

"The sun will set soon. Traveling at night raises the odds of running into bandits or Witchbeasts. ...Rem thinks we should take lodging in a nearby village today."

Without turning around, Rem leaned slightly back toward him from the driver's seat as she spoke. Taking in her opinion, Subaru set a hand to his chin, brow knitting thoughtfully.

"A nearby village... is that one of the two Wilhelm-san mentioned? I think the one where we could trade lizards was called Hanumas or something—is that the one?"

He asked it probably expecting the answer was no, but hoping all the same that it would be. Rem, however, shook her head.

"It will take another six hours to reach Hanumas. The one that should come into view soon isn't Hanumas—it's a village called Fleur. I'm sorry."

"Nah, it's not your fault. ...But could we push on for another six hours? That'd put us at the halfway point, right?"

Responding to Rem's lowered tone, Subaru proposed continuing the march. But Rem shook her head at that suggestion too.

"I'm afraid that if we go from here all the way to Hanumas, we might not arrive until past midnight. If that happens, we might not be able to get lodging, and either way, arranging for a Dragon Carriage in the middle of the night would be difficult."

"Ugh... fair enough. It's not like reaching Hanumas solves everything anyway."

For every moment Subaru had spent lost in thought, Rem had had just as much time to think it through herself. Naturally, whatever countermeasure Subaru might voice had already been considered before she made her proposal.

Closing his eyes, Subaru mulled over the plan Rem had put forward. But the conclusion came quickly.

"Let's get a room in Fleur and set out first thing tomorrow morning. That way the Earth Dragon gets to rest too, and maybe we won't even need to find a replacement dragon in Hanumas."

"Yes. If we leave at dawn and make good time through Hanumas, we might even be able to make it back to the manor by tomorrow night."

Perhaps thrown off by how readily Subaru accepted this, the relief in Rem's voice as she held the reins was plain.

Sensing it from behind, Subaru suddenly thought that he'd been letting Rem shoulder too much of the burden too.

Her concern for her master—when she'd learned that some crisis was closing in on the manor, Rem must have felt it even more keenly than Subaru had, and the mental toll of that was beyond measure. For Subaru, already carrying that weight, to add unreasonable demands on top of it would only pile the burden higher. Having already brushed aside her insistence on staying behind at Crusch's estate, it was not Subaru's wish to make Rem suffer any further.

—Fortunately, securing lodging once they reached Fleur turned out to be easy enough.

They tied up the Earth Dragon at the stable adjoining the inn (though in this case, perhaps "dragon-stable" would be more accurate), and having rented a room, Subaru and Rem set about preparing for an unusually early bedtime.

Subaru forced down a meal too meager to really call dinner, rinsed off the day's grime with a quick wash, and burrowed into the bedding, determined to rest his body as soon as possible.

And yet—

"Can't sleep..."

Worry for Emilia's safety and the impatience of needing to rush to her side—those feelings tangled together, and his overwrought mind refused to let sleep come near.

Even so, he lay on the bed, unable to help but pray for the morning sun to rise quickly.

He'd had all the time in the world to think.

And tomorrow, during the day, there would be just as much time again.

Not only during the journey—even back at Crusch's estate, he'd been given an enormous span of time to think. The conclusion he'd reached, after picturing it over and over in that time, was the course of action he was on now. So what Subaru needed wasn't more brooding, more agonizing—only action, to tie his own resolve to a result.

And then—

"...Subaru-kun, may I?"

The door was knocked, and the hesitant creak of it opening followed.

Rolling over to look, he saw Rem leaning halfway into the room, having changed clothes. She'd shed her familiar maid uniform for a thin nightgown he'd glimpsed once before.

He tried to recall when exactly he'd seen it, but before the memory surfaced, Rem noticed he was still awake and came closer.

Sitting up, Subaru responded to her with, "What's up?"

"If it's that you're lonely and can't sleep alone, that's kind of a bad situation right now. If things were a little calmer I'd hit you with my best material, but right now..."

"That's certainly a heart-fluttering proposal, but... that's not why I'm here. Before you sleep, shall we continue your treatment?"

"Treatment?"

Still sitting up in bed, Subaru crossed his arms and tilted his head at her words.

If there was one thing lately that snagged on the word "treatment" in Subaru's mind, it could only be the "Gate recalibration" Ferris had been performing on him. But that treatment had only happened because there was no one but Ferris capable of doing it in the first place.

"I can't think of any other ailment that'd need treating... Rem, what are you talking about?"

"Just as you're imagining, it's about treating your Gate. Rem has watched Felix-sama's methods enough to manage the technique, in her own way. Though the effect is probably much weaker than Felix-sama's."

Saying so, she added, "Even so, it should be much easier on you than doing nothing," peering up at him. Aside from Rem, the only other person at Roswaal Manor skilled with water-attribute Magic—though he'd never actually seen her use it—was probably Beatrice.

The curly-haired girl he hadn't seen in a while suddenly came to mind, and he felt a fond nostalgia for the days when he'd bickered with her without a shred of ill will.

"Subaru-kun?"

"Ah, ah, sorry."

Rem called out to him as he grew wistful over the budding nostalgia, and Subaru nodded, hastily clearing his throat to mask the emotion.

"Sure, go ahead. I can't sleep anyway, and if it even helps a little bit at a time, it'll ease my guilt toward Ferris some too."

"I see. I'm glad."

At Subaru's acceptance, Rem smiled as if relieved, a hand pressed lightly to her chest.

Subaru turned to sit with his back to her on the bed, and Rem placed both hands on his shoulders from behind, touching him.

Her fingers, smaller and more delicate than Ferris's, tickled the back of his neck, and even as the sensation made him squirm, Subaru let himself go, surrendering to the gradually spreading warmth.

It was the same fullness of Mana he'd tasted so many times from Ferris's hands over this past week or so.

Compared to Ferris's technique, there was a slight lack, but whether due to the difference in the amount of Mana handled, there was no sign of the nausea-inducing discomfort rising up. Instead, he began to be wrapped in a soft sensation—like being rocked in a cradle, like floating in lukewarm water with only his face above the surface.

"Whoa, that's amazing. Honestly, this feels way better than when Ferris does it."

"Is that... so? It requires concentration, so I thought that, being inexperienced, Rem wouldn't be able to satisfy you very much..."

"Not at all. It feels good, and kind of... makes me sleepy..."

In fact, if he let his guard down for even a moment, a drowsy haze tickled at the edges of his vision. It hardly seemed like the same nerves that had refused to let him sleep just moments ago, but considering that sleep had been an absolute necessity, going along with Rem's suggestion had clearly been the right call.

"It's all right if you fall asleep, you know? Rem will tuck you in properly, pull the covers up, savor your sleeping face, and then leave the room."

"I'm not worried about catching a cold from sleeping with my stomach out, and there's a lot I want to push back on about the 'savoring my sleeping face' part, but there's no way I'm falling asleep while Rem's working this hard."

He wanted to believe he wasn't so inconsiderate as to be that selfish.

At his reply, he sensed Rem give a small laugh. She shifted the hands resting on his shoulders slightly, moving them to wrap around and touch his neck from behind, as if embracing him.

The warmth flowing from her palms seemed to increase, and Subaru felt his eyelids grow even heavier. Resisting it, he rubbed at his eyes with a hand and spun out words to keep his consciousness tethered.

"I bet I'm gonna get yelled at first thing, huh..."

"...Perhaps. Rem, too—Sister will surely scold her, asking, 'Why did you come back?'"

"I'll explain it to Ram myself. Tell her I forced you to come with me. But... Emilia-tan..."

What should he say? His mind was moving too slowly, and the right words wouldn't come.

As the weight of his eyelids overcame him and his vision began to fail, Rem extended the hands resting on his neck further, taking on a form as if embracing him from behind.

"—If you take your time, face it honestly, and put your feelings into words properly, surely someday she'll understand. Your sincere feelings, Subaru-kun."

"Yeah... maybe. Yeah, that's... right... I care this much... about her..."

Sound began to grow distant. No—it was Subaru's consciousness that was beginning to drift from reality.

The drowsiness had already crossed past comfort into something closer to a curse, and his eyelids had become an unyielding cage of consciousness he could no longer force open.

Unable to hold on any longer, the strength drained from his neck and his head fell forward.

And just before his thoughts fully severed from reality—

"So please, keep even just a small corner for Rem too."

As she said it, he thought he felt the back of his head brushed, ever so lightly, by Rem's lips.

With that all-too-convenient illusion as his last thought, Subaru's consciousness sank into darkness.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


—When consciousness led him back to waking, Subaru felt the heat of sunlight burning against his eyelids.

Still lying in bed, he raised a hand blearily to shield his face. The sunlight pouring in through the room's large window blazed strongly, carrying enough heat that even the blanket pulled up to his shoulders felt stifling.

Lost in these hazy impressions, he registered his situation—and then noticed something wrong.

"Sunlight blazing like this... at this hour!?"

Snapping alert, he flung the covers off and leapt from the bed toward the window. The window, pushed open with impatient haste, let a cool breeze pour into the room, ruffling his bangs as he looked up at the sky before him—there, the sun hung high, high overhead.

"No way. Seriously? Oversleeping at a time like this...?"

Given how high the sun had already climbed, there was no mistaking that this was far too late an hour to call it morning. Midday, or possibly even later if things had gone badly.

"Something's wrong with me... Am I an idiot!?"

Slamming the window shut, Subaru bolted out of the room in a panic, toward the room next door.

Rem should be asleep in the room she'd rented there, and since she hadn't woken him, it stood to reason her consciousness was still lost in darkness as well.

"Rem, Rem, wake up! We seriously overslept!"

Pounding on the door and calling out, Subaru cursed himself thoroughly for his carelessness in having slept away more than half a day. As for Rem, who had never once overslept before, there was an excuse to be made—handling the Dragon Carriage and all the other fatigue she'd accumulated—but for Subaru himself, this was simply, completely, his own failing.

Unable to bear the irritation of his own inadequacy and mounting anxiety, his arm naturally put more force into pounding the door.

Still, no response from inside. Was Rem's sleep just that deep, or was there some other reason?

"Ugh, damn it, fine. Rem! I knocked, so don't blame me!"

Saying so, Subaru cracked the door open and scanned the room inside.

He'd been cautious in case she was changing clothes or sleeping in some undignified state, but all that consideration turned out to be needless worry.

Because—

"...Rem?"

The room was completely empty.

Pushing the door fully open, Subaru stepped inside and looked all around.

The bed, with no rumpled shape to it, showed no sign anyone had slept there—if anything, the unwrinkled sheets didn't even show the faintest trace of someone having lain down.

Feeling an unpleasant premonition creep up his spine, Subaru still forced himself to search the room, hunting for any trace of Rem.

But no matter how he searched, there was no sign that anyone had been there—the only thing on the table was a piece of pottery, apparently holding a partially-drunk beverage.

The few pieces of luggage they'd carried in—even those were nowhere to be found, and the fact sent something like vertigo through Subaru. His heart racing, the blood draining from his face, he rushed downstairs.

At the inn's front desk sat the innkeeper who had welcomed the two of them the night before. Seeing Subaru come tearing down the stairs, face drained of color, he said,

"Well now, good morning. It seems you slept quite soundly last night."

—rubbing his hands together with a smile heavy with the air of a shrewd businessman.

But Subaru paid no mind to the innkeeper's manner, slamming his hands on the counter and leaning in.

"Where's the blue-haired girl who was staying with me!?"

"C-customer, please, don't get so worked up. You'll startle the other guests..."

"Answer me! Where did Rem—my companion—go!?"

The innkeeper flinched at Subaru's ferocity, refusing to listen to reason, and then, choosing his words carefully, spoke in halting, fragmented pieces.

"Y-your companion... well, last night, quite late. Um, she took the Dragon Carriage you both arrived in, yes..."

"I can't hear you! What!?"

"So! She left during the night! She took the Dragon Carriage you arrived in, and left your lodging fee and your belongings in your companion's—your care!"

Blurting out the answer as if shouting it, the innkeeper pulled out a bag that had been placed just beneath the counter. Setting it on the front desk, he pushed it toward Subaru.

"This here is your luggage. The lodging fee was paid in advance, and quite generously too, so there's no problem at all..."

"No problem... at all, you say?"

The innkeeper seemed to have been careful not to provoke Subaru, whose emotions had clearly snapped past their limit, but that carefully chosen reply only sent Subaru into a fresh rage.

"There's plenty of goddamn problem!!"

Roaring, Subaru slammed his arm down onto the luggage on the counter, then clutched his head in his hands.

Questions, doubts, fury, sorrow, and conflict over the sheer unfairness of it all churned and jostled inside his skull. Clawing at his black hair, Subaru looked up at the ceiling.

"What... what are you thinking, Rem...!!"

Even by someone who should have understood him, he'd been handed incomprehension—and Subaru's scream echoed hollowly into the empty sky.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"To Subaru-kun,"

"When Subaru-kun reads this letter, I think Subaru-kun will probably be very angry with Rem."

"I won't ask you to forgive Rem for leaving Subaru-kun behind and heading for the manor. But please understand."

"Bringing Subaru-kun back to the manor as you are now is very dangerous. Both because of the manor's situation, and because of Subaru-kun's body."

"So please, Subaru-kun, wait for Rem's return here in this village, in Fleur. Once everything has been settled properly, Rem will absolutely come to fetch you."

"Rem is leaving all the money behind. Rem has given the innkeeper enough money and arranged things so you can stay for as many days as you need."

"Please, take care of yourself. Please wait until Rem comes back. —Please."


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


Having deciphered the letter tucked among the belongings left with him, Subaru buried his head deep in his hands, releasing one long, long sigh.

He was in the lounge on the inn's first floor, seated on a sofa with no one else around him. Partly because there had never been many guests to begin with, and partly, it seemed, because the innkeeper remained wary after Subaru's earlier outburst—he hadn't come anywhere within sight since showing him to the lounge.

Struggling against a wave of emotion he couldn't suppress, Subaru had found the letter among his things and, taking his time, had just finished reading it through.

"Rem, you idiot..."

Written in careful handwriting, the entire letter was rendered in "I-script."

The fact that Subaru was still in the process of learning to read and write, and could only read and write in "I-script," was something well known to everyone at the manor—especially the twin sisters, who most often served as his tutors.

To dismiss this as some conspiracy by whoever had spirited Rem away would require an excess of paranoid imagination—the consideration etched into that stationery ran far too deep for that.

In other words, there was no doubt Rem had written the letter, and no doubt that its contents reflected her own will.

By her own judgment, she had left Subaru behind in the village and returned to the manor alone.

The letter expressed concern for Subaru, still far from fully recovered, and assured him of his future well-being—but Subaru's heart had no room left to receive that consideration. To him, the only impression he could draw from Rem's letter was this single thing:

"Rem... are you saying I'm useless too? That I don't have enough strength?"

It was a blunt, self-deprecating verdict on himself, distilled from the single fact of having been left behind.

He read the letter over and over, desperately searching for some hidden meaning within it. Or perhaps something written there meant only for him to understand.

But no matter how many times he reread the letter, the text offered no interpretation different from the first reading.

"Fine, then. ...Forget it. I get it. If you're gonna leave me behind, Rem... then I won't rely on you either."

Grinding his teeth, Subaru spat the words out and stood.

On the table, inside the open mouth of the bag he looked down at, was packed a considerable sum in gold and silver coins, just as the letter had described.

The travel funds had been managed by Rem, but they had likely been entrusted to her by Roswaal's own hand when he'd stayed behind in the royal capital. Even to Subaru, whose sense of monetary value hadn't quite adjusted to this other world, it was clear this was enough to live on comfortably for over a year.

In other words, if used well, it was a kind of power—one that could make achieving his goal easy enough.

"Hire a Dragon Carriage and a driver with money, and head for Roswaal's manor. I don't know the going rate, but... I'll just have to make it work."

Worst case, even if he ended up flat broke, so long as he made it there, it wouldn't matter.

Once he'd decided how to use the money, all that remained was to act.

Grabbing the bag, Subaru left the lounge, his footsteps loud as he made for the front desk. The innkeeper sat there, shrinking himself small, and flinched, hunching his shoulders as if frightened, when he saw Subaru approaching.

"C-can I help you with something, customer...?"

"I want to ask you something. From here to Margrave Roswaal's—ah, Mathers territory, right? How much would it cost to hire a Dragon Carriage to get there?"

"A Dragon Carriage, is it...?"

The innkeeper's manner had initially been somewhat probing, but once he judged that Subaru had regained a measure of calm, he immediately gave the question proper consideration.

He glanced at the bag in Subaru's hand, factoring in the prepaid lodging fee Rem had handed over, and said,

"For simply renting a Dragon Carriage on its own, four gold coins should be enough. If you want a quality Earth Dragon or cart, the price will shift accordingly. It also depends on whether it's a round trip, and the rental period."

"That's it? That's totally within range. By the way, what if it comes with a driver?"

"With a driver, the period would be treated more strictly as short-term. On the other hand, if you don't need the carriage for the return trip, that would change things too... let's see, for a one-way trip, five gold coins should get you the carriage and driver both."

Adding that he couldn't be entirely certain since it wasn't his area of expertise, the innkeeper's words nonetheless gave Subaru at least a rough sense of the going rate, and he offered his thanks.

Considering the sum in the bag Rem had left, an expense of that size would leave plenty of change to spare. What a careless move on her part, Subaru thought, his mouth curling—he'd misjudged how far Rem's resolve to see her own will through would go—but that thought was crushed by the innkeeper's next words.

Having concluded he now had a plan to chase after her, Subaru was met by the innkeeper prefacing his next words with "However," lowering his eyes as if reluctant to say it.

"As for the Dragon Carriage you're asking about, customer—there are simply no shops in Fleur that rent them out. You'd have to wait for a shared carriage and head to the royal capital or Hanumas..."

"Wha— seriously? Not a single shop that rents Dragon Carriages?"

"I'm sorry for the inconvenience. And it's even harder to say, but the next shared carriage won't arrive for at least two more days—the 'Fog' is especially strong this time of year."

Struck by this shocking fact from the apologetic innkeeper, Subaru withdrew his earlier thought—and instead found himself gasping at just how thoroughly Rem had planned this out.

It must have started, most likely, the very moment yesterday when she'd proposed taking lodging here in Fleur—her scheme had already been in motion. Leaving Subaru behind in a village where a Dragon Carriage couldn't easily be arranged, and where even securing transport by legitimate means would prove difficult.

With no way to operate a Dragon Carriage himself, Subaru couldn't even resort to the worst option—stealing an Earth Dragon from somewhere and riding off with it, a criminal act.

All of it was a scheme to keep Subaru stuck in this village, to keep him from getting involved in whatever was unfolding.

"Customer, are you all right?"

Pressing a hand to his forehead, leaning his weight against the front desk, Subaru's state drew a worried, furrowed brow from the innkeeper, who spoke up in concern.

At that consideration, Subaru managed an "I'm fine," and set his mind racing to find whatever move he should make next.

If he couldn't arrange a Dragon Carriage, the worst case was heading out on foot. But alone, Subaru had no way to handle the bandits or Witchbeasts Rem had been worried about, and more than that, he had no way to properly find his way.

What he regretted now, far too late, was the fact that he had never once tried to look at a map of this world with his own eyes.

He had no idea where the royal capital sat on the map of this world, how far Roswaal's territory was from the capital, or how large that territory even was.

It was all the price of ignorance. The cost of his own lack of learning. The excuse that this world was another world to him no longer held any water. He'd had the chance to learn, the chance to know, and having let every one of those chances slip by, this was the consequence coming due.

"On foot is out. No shop to rent a Dragon Carriage. ...Isn't there some way? Think..."

He mobilized everything he'd seen, known, and learned in this world so far. Or, for that matter, anything at all from the seventeen idle years he'd spent in his original world.

Searching for some usable idea, Subaru forced his mind to keep turning.

Giving up on everything, following Rem's instructions, and spending this time doing nothing—that was never an option to begin with. If he were going to make that choice, he wouldn't have left Crusch's estate in the first place.

Subaru was trampling over the consideration Emilia had shown him, and pushing on to rush to her side even so. Which meant any further unsightly failure now was simply out of the question.

At this moment, Subaru's brain began turning at a speed fast enough to feel like it might scorch itself.

Every last frustration and hardship accumulated up until this very moment, this very instant—those memories and humiliations tangled together, and with the prospect of an ending looming before him, where he might finish this with no chance to make up for any of it, his mind spun and roared as if it had caught fire.

And then, somewhere among the days he was recalling, Subaru found a hint that might just break open this situation. It was—

"I want to ask you something, innkeeper."

"Y-yes, what is it?"

The innkeeper drew back slightly at Subaru, who had fallen silent, eyes bloodshot as he raced through his thoughts. But paying no mind to the innkeeper's reaction, Subaru looked at him with those same bloodshot eyes and said,

"There are merchants in this village who own their own Dragon Carriages, right? I want to negotiate with them. Can you broker that for me?"

<notes>
- Title: 「意思」 rendered as "Will" (as in intention/resolve) rather than "Intention" — both are defensible; flagging in case the wiki or established fan translations use a different standard rendering for this chapter title.
- "霧" ("Fog") — capitalized as it appears to be a proper-noun weather/lore phenomenon in this world (referenced elsewhere in Re:Zero as a recurring hazard); kept capitalized per that assumption.
- 金貨/銀貨 rendered as "gold coins"/"silver coins" per standard convention; no wiki entry given for currency denominations, flagging for consistency check.
</notes>