Arc 4 Chapter 115: "The Man Who Can't Get the Better of His Childhood Friend"

There was a sensation of something important slipping away from inside him.

It wasn't like the Gate, which had groaned and creaked before he'd watched the curtain fall on its existence. This was something else entirely, something different, writhing inside Subaru's body.

It carried a heat he couldn't tell was hot or cold. It had a formlessness so complete he couldn't even tell if it had shape. That thing, which might be called a black stagnation, tore through Natsuki Subaru's body, cheering the joy of bursting out into the open, and then dispersed after unleashing its power.

But its afterimage still lingered on within Subaru even now. At that alien sensation, Subaru felt something indescribable. It wasn't anything he recognized, anything he'd ever felt before. And yet, Subaru knew it, as a matter of recognition.

Hence, while there were questions of "why" and "how," there were no questions of "what" or "for what purpose." There was no need to agonize over what exactly it was. What needed to be questioned was the "why" — but the one he ought to put that question to was out of earshot for now.

So there was only one thing Subaru needed to think about.

*The Invisible Strike. The Unseen Palm. The Blow Beyond Perception.*

Every one of them sounded either lame, derivative, or lacking in style.

A pitch-black arm that no one but Subaru could see. One that no one but Subaru could wield. That —


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"'The Will of the Unseen God'... I'll call it the Invisible Providence..."

"...Huh, what did you just say?"

With his eyes barely open, still adrift in a hazy consciousness, part of Subaru's thoughts slipped from his lips. The instant they did, the one whose eyes went round at hearing it was the beautiful, silver-haired face right in front of him.

Blinking a few times, Subaru registered that he had fluttered back from the world of unconsciousness into reality. He immediately noticed the soft sensation under his head, and the connection between that and Emilia's presence so close at hand.

"Ah... I'm getting my head pillowed on Emilia-tan's lap again."

"That's right. How many times is this now? Lending my lap like this to a Subaru with no consciousness."

"Counting all the various conditions, I think this makes three. It's a paradise you can't reach without clearing the big boss fight first."

"Y-your head sounds really sharp... Do you remember what happened before you passed out?"

"Crystal clear, of course. Talking like this, looking at Emilia-tan's face, it's slowly coming back to me..."

Cracking jokes, Subaru pushed his way through the slightly heavy contents of his head to sort them out. Then he recalled the series of intense blows he'd taken before losing consciousness, and understood.

Immediately, Subaru touched his own face with both hands, kneading his cheeks as he looked up at Emilia.

"Yikes. Come to think of it, I feel like I got beaten to a pulp. Emilia-tan, is it bad? Is my face in such a horrible state you can't bear to look at it twice?"

"It's fine. It's not that weird."

"That's the answer you give when you don't want to hurt my feelings!"

Watching Emilia tilt her head, looking puzzled, Subaru took his hands off his face and lightly checked each of his joints. There was a tightness and a faint numbness around his shoulders, lower body, and neck. Still, most of his external wounds had closed up, as if they'd already been healed.

"Subaru. If you keep moving around on my lap like that, it tickles."

"Ah, sorry! It's not that! I wasn't doing it with any lewd feelings at all! I wasn't, but just to be sure, can I check one more time properly?"

"No. If you keep saying things like that, I'm going to push you off my lap right now. Stop being so cheeky."

"Nobody says 'cheeky' these days..."

Wincing at the sharpness of Emilia's gaze, Subaru raised himself up off her lap. He felt a pang of reluctance, but he couldn't keep leaning on her forever.

His body was at maybe sixty percent of full condition — far from perfect, but he was grateful for Emilia's treatment.

"Thanks for healing me. You could treat me even without Puck around?"

"Even if my Contract with Puck is broken, my Contract with the little mana sprites isn't. Besides... this might sound odd, but it's not like I can't use Magic at all."

"Really? I heard that mages and Spirit Arts users work on completely different mechanisms for handling Mana... so I figured the two just couldn't be done together."

He recalled hearing something like that once before, during a lecture from Puck and Roswaal at the mansion. As he remembered it, a mage could only use as much Magic as the Mana stored in their body allowed, whereas a Spirit Arts user could draw on the boundless Mana in the atmosphere — meaning that once they cleared the hurdle of communicating with a Spirit, they could use Magic as much as they liked. That was roughly the gist of it.

Given that, Emilia being able to use Magic didn't quite match what he understood.

At Subaru's question, Emilia's eyes dropped faintly. Seeing the odd reaction, Subaru furrowed his brow, and she let out a small breath.

"I thought I couldn't either, but... I told you my memories are starting to come back, right? Among them, there was naturally knowledge of how to use Magic too... it seems that had been sealed away as well."

"Your memories had sealed away the fact that you could use Magic?"

"Right."

The hesitance in her nodding was probably because she couldn't see what it meant, either. Subaru had no idea why she would have sealed the fact that she could use Magic in the depths of her memory. With the amount of information he had now, he couldn't even begin to speculate.

In any case, there was no doubt that the Magic she'd become able to use was what had healed Subaru.

"Whatever the circumstances, if that's what let you treat me, I'm hugely grateful. What about the others—"

He was about to say "those guys" when it struck him that this was no time to be lying around at his ease. In fact, the moment he'd remembered what had knocked him unconscious, he should have thought of this problem too.

Garfiel, whom Subaru had faced off against, and Otto and Ram, who had apparently faced Garfiel before Subaru did. What on earth had become of them—

"I don't think things got dangerous enough for anyone to end up as fertilizer for the forest, but before that happens, I've gotta go help—"

"I appreciate the concern, but you don't need to be picturing the worst-case scenario like that."

"Whoa—"

Bracing his unsteady body, Subaru got to his feet, about to bolt from in front of the burial mound into the forest. A young man's voice, sounding faintly exasperated, stopped him. He nearly stumbled forward but managed to halt and turn around, and there was the figure sitting on the stone steps of the burial mound — Otto, raising a hand.

"Ohh, ohhhh!?"

"I'm glad you're so surprised. I'm sorry to have worried you, but let's call it even and not mention it, since it goes both ways..."

"Ora—!"

"Gyaf—!?"

Confirming each other's safety, Subaru charged at Otto, who wore a somehow satisfied smile. Without killing his momentum, Subaru leapt and delivered a flying drop kick.

Otto, caught between the stone steps and Subaru, let out a scream.

"Ow! Ow! The back of my head is being scraped against the steps... it hurts! I'm gonna go bald! This is bald-inducing pain! Hey, Natsuki-san, what exactly do you think you're doing!?"

"Shut up, idiot! Quit acting all cool. What's with that 'look at me, I did it' vibe you've got going on? Who asked you to do anything more than buy time? Thanks to you my whole plan almost went completely to pieces. Though I guess if it weren't for your assist I probably wouldn't have made it to beating Garfiel, so it's not like I'm not grateful, you know!"

"I have no idea what you're even saying anymore!!"

Grappling on the stone steps, Otto kicked at Subaru, who couldn't bring himself to say thanks honestly. Tumbling off the steps and landing on his backside, Subaru got up with an "Ow, ow..." and said,

"Anyway, I'm glad you're okay. If you'd died, you'd probably be a real nuisance standing at the foot of my bed."

"I don't know what to do with talk about weird customs like that... I mean, why can't that honest sentiment be the first thing out of your mouth?"

"Don't compliment me, it's me we're talking about!?"

"I know that already!"

Otto's face showed he could no longer be bothered to deal with Subaru's shamelessness. He put a hand to his forehead, then seemed to notice Emilia, who had been silently watching the exchange between the two of them.

"Ah, Emilia-sama. Sorry for leaving you out of it. Though this is entirely Natsuki-san's fault."

"Yeah, I saw, so I know. It's fine."

"No allies here... no wait, I know it's because I've got nothing but allies that things ended up this way. — By the way, if you're okay, that means Ram's okay too, right?"

Sticking out his tongue at Emilia and Otto, who exchanged glances and nodded to each other, Subaru then demanded to know the safety of the one other comrade whose figure was nowhere to be seen. To that question, Otto nodded, "Of course."

"When I came to and found Ram-san, given the state she was in, I nearly had a heart attack... it was a relief that she wasn't in as bad shape as she looked. She woke up while I was carrying her back here to join you, and gave me quite an earful..."

"I feel your pain. That girl really is sharp-tongued with anyone who's not family. ...How'd you manage to talk her into it? How'd you do it?"

"Not telling Natsuki-san that was one of the conditions for her cooperation."

Otto put a hand over his mouth, signaling he wouldn't speak. Subaru's lips twisted as if he had something to say about that attitude, but he quickly gave up pressing the matter, knowing Otto wouldn't budge on something like this.

If Otto were the type to spill under a little harsh questioning, he wouldn't have staked his own life to go along with what amounted to Subaru's delusional scheme in the first place.

Really, what a troublesome, stubborn, good friend.

"Tch."

"Ow! Why'd you just hit me!?"

"Shut up."

Ignoring Otto's complaint about his jostled shoulder, Subaru turned back to Emilia. And there, beside her, Patrasche had appeared at some point, her large body swaying, pressing her muzzle against Emilia's silver hair as the two of them touched, Emilia smiling.

"Whoa, hold on? When did you and Patrasche get so close, Emilia-tan?"

"While Subaru was sleeping, there were a lot of things going on... and this girl ended up helping me out. She's such a good girl."

"Right, right? She's my pride and joy of a partner, really. Right, Patrasche?"

He approached, reaching out to stroke her back. But just before Subaru's fingers touched her, the Earth Dragon twisted her body, dodging his hand—

"Obu!?"

"――――"

Her swung tail struck Subaru's backside directly, and he leapt, half in tears from the pain of the blow. Turning a look of protest on Patrasche for what that was about, he found the Earth Dragon narrowing her already sharp eyes further, lowering her head and letting out a displeased growl.

"Would you like a translation?"

"Nah, even I can figure this one out without a translation."

Shaking his head at Otto's consideration from behind him, Subaru let out a small breath.

"—'Don't make me worry,' right."

"Also, don't get carried away. There won't be a next time. Think about how she feels. Adding a rough estimate, that's about the level of anger on display here."

"Seriously, what's up with your heroine power? Are you entering the heroine race now?"

Wincing with a wry smile, Subaru reached out, and this time his fingers made contact with Patrasche's tough hide. The Earth Dragon closed her eyes, seeming to accept it reluctantly, and Subaru's gratitude for her generosity knew no end.

In the fight against Garfiel, Patrasche's cooperation had been the decisive factor, and that too was thanks to the trust she'd shown by following along without a moment's hesitation.

As ever, being someone of insufficient strength, every time he tried to clear one more mountain, he ended up owing debts to all sorts of people. Would the day ever come when he could settle every one of those debts?

He had no confidence, but there was nothing to do but keep going.

"So, speaking of the mountain I cleared by racking up debts like that — where's Garfiel?"

"If it's Garfiel you mean, he's over there being treated now. But it might be better not to interrupt."

"Interrupt how?"

At Subaru's tilted head, Emilia put a finger to her lips.

"Ram's watching over him right now — so, you know."


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"You awake? Garf."

When Garfiel came to, what lay before his eyes was a face he knew all too well. Whether he'd wanted this to be the first thing he saw upon waking or not, his feelings were complicated.

The one thing he couldn't deny was that his heart had given a faint leap. Garfiel let out a low sound in his throat once, then said,

"Ahh... my eyes, are open."

"Right. Then hurry up and get off. My leg's gone numb, I've had about enough."

"Adeh!"

The instant their communication succeeded, Garfiel was freed from the soft sensation and his head dropped to the ground. He hadn't expected gentle treatment, but being brushed off so coldly still stung. All the more so when his pride was already wounded, and it was coming from the one he had feelings for.

Rubbing his head where it had struck the ground, Garfiel glared resentfully at Ram. Sitting sideways in the grass, Ram brushed off the area of her thigh where Garfiel's head had just been resting, and let out an irritated "What" at his stare.

"Nothin' in particular, I jus'... you're still the same as ever, not a shred of kindness in ya, woman."

"If it's a situation where Ram needs to be kind to someone worth being kind to, then Ram would be kind. The fact that she's not means this isn't that kind of situation."

"...I ain't worth that, huh."

"It's as if I can see right through what you want me to say. That's exactly why Garf is hopeless, just like Barusu. If you want to hear a woman's true feelings, put in more effort."

A flick to his lowered forehead from Ram struck him hard. The spot where the sting ran was right over the white scar Garfiel unconsciously touched whenever something happened. Touching a finger to the scar remaining on his forehead, Garfiel let out a breath.

"Come to think of it... this scar too, you're the one who gave it to me, weren't ya."

"—. Ram was desperate too, trying to calm down Garf's mischief. Do you think Ram enjoyed doing something as drastic as smashing your face into the stone pavement?"

"Sure seemed like you were laughin' plenty, same as today when you were beatin' me black and blue..."

"Ram has her own limited life to live. If she has to do something, she'd rather tell herself it's fun and laugh through it than do it reluctantly. That's a bitter compromise."

"And what about the heart of the guy whose forehead's gettin' split open while you're laughin', huh?"

At Garfiel's words, Ram only sighed, her expression as bored as ever. Of course. She would never, under any circumstances, admit she was wrong, and she would never bend her rigid spirit. Proud, dignified, resolute, unyielding.

That was precisely why Garfiel admired her existence so much, why he wanted it so badly.

"...Ram, you got any scars left on your body?"

"Who knows. For now, the obvious wounds were treated by Emilia-sama, but it might not be possible to avoid any scars remaining at all. What are you going to do about the responsibility for marking me up?"

"I'll take you as my bride an'—"

"Not happening. Make up for it some other way. — In the first place, you've got a lot of nerve, Garf. Leaving the losing side unattended like that, how dare you."

"…………"

Under the sharpness of Ram's accusing gaze, Garfiel fell silent. The anger in her eyes pointed to a condemnation of Garfiel, who had held back at the end of the battle. That he hadn't delivered the finishing blow to the fallen Ram and to Otto, who'd been plunged headfirst into the bushes, had certainly been Garfiel's own decision, and it may well have tarnished his pride as a warrior.

But even so, Garfiel simply couldn't bring himself to swing his claws at her while she was unconscious. Even setting aside the fact that she was the one he loved, and all the other various factors, he surely couldn't have done it regardless.

Because he lacked the one thing most essential to a warrior: courage.

"At the very end... you dodged Ram's Magic pretty well."

"...Weren't tryin' to, particularly. Jus', I was gettin' beat to hell and startin' to shift back outta beastification, and I got a bad feelin'. Then my body moved before I could think. That's all there was to it."

The final, do-or-die strike that Ram and Otto had set up. The instant a wind Magic of the highest order had activated, timed for when the forest's Mana had gathered, Garfiel had entrusted himself entirely to his survival instinct rather than any conscious thought, and evaded the blade of wind.

Relying on the sensation of the invisible gale grazing mere millimeters past his skin, he dodged it entirely, then continued a series of acrobatic evasions to escape the range of an attack that would have felled every tree in his line of sight.

And when, having pulled that off, he returned, there lay Ram and Otto, collapsed.

If Garfiel had truly been a warrior, he would have taken pride in having his life spared, and taken theirs in turn. But for Garfiel, who couldn't get through the act of taking a life without entrusting that process to the beast's blood within him, carrying it out had been impossible.

"So, I..."

"――――"

*I'm not a warrior. I'm a fake, just putting on a warrior's front, bluffing through it.*

Even so, he had stubbornly believed that as long as he had power, even a fake like him could force everything into submission, protect what he wanted to protect without having to take a life.

But that belief too had been all but disproven now.

He had believed that even if people from the outside world came pressing in en masse, he had the strength not to lose. But in reality, Garfiel had lost to a mere three people — four, counting the Earth Dragon. And that despite the fact that all three were, for their various reasons, essentially non-combatants.

If it came to this, if a warrior with genuine hostile intent were to come to Sanctuary, Garfiel would be broken far more easily than this. All that big talk about the Sanctuary's barrier, and this was the result?

—With his insufficient head, he had thought and thought about so, so many things.

In the midst of battle, and outside of it too, he had constantly used a head that was never particularly quick on the uptake. Where was the best course of action? What would benefit everyone the most? Was there no option where no one got hurt? Even if someone had to get hurt, as long as it was only him, that would be fine.

Believing that, the days he'd worked so hard through had been nothing but a thin veneer, papering over his own weakness.

"Garf."

"…………"

"Ram's going to give you one piece of advice. Listen closely."

"...Ahh."

No longer having the will to assert anything, Garfiel merely dipped his chin, eyes downcast. What words would be hurled at him now, by Ram, by the one he loved? She was a girl who threw harsh words his way as a matter of course, but perhaps he had never really been truly cast aside by her, not in the fullest sense. That was because, deep down, she had a soft spot for those she considered family, and had — however imperfectly — counted Garfiel, with their long association, among that number.

But this time, Garfiel had clearly stood against her as an enemy. Given that, surely he no longer belonged within that circle.

So the words about to be spoken now would surely be Ram's true and final break from Garfiel—

"Garf... you're an idiot, so thinking is a waste of time for you. A waste of time. Which means, a waste of your life."

"...Ah?"

"You said it yourself, didn't you. Garf, that you avoided Ram's Magic when you moved without thinking about anything. That's exactly right. Garf might not have noticed, but you're far, far stronger when you fight without thinking about anything at all. Being a complete idiot suits you far better."

Unable to follow what was being said to him in such rapid succession, Garfiel's eyes went wide. Even if he'd expected to be dressed down, he'd thought it would be over something else entirely.

"I'm not telling you to throw away your reason and beastify. Mind you, when you beastify, your weaknesses increase more than your thinking does. You become a bigger target, your movements get sluggish — you're easy prey. Stay in your human form, fix your eyes firmly on your opponent, and fight without thinking about anything."

"Wh-what the hell is that!? When did I ever say somethin' like—"

"It's important. — Because from now on, Garf, you're going to have to fight in all sorts of situations, as an ally of Ram's and Emilia-sama's."

"—!!"

At those words thrown his way, Garfiel's throat closed up with a surge of emotion. His face flushing red, he ground his sharp canines together and said,

"Don't screw with me! After all this, after standin' against you, after trampling all over what you were trying to do... and you're still gonna forgive me, still want me to forgive myself!?"

"Don't be an idiot. I'm not saying I forgive you, I'm saying serve us anyway. If I forgave you and put our positions on equal footing, I'd have to go asking you nicely for your help, wouldn't I. Don't be ridiculous. Ram and the others are the victors, Garf is the loser. And because Ram doesn't forgive Garf, she gives the orders. Understand?"

"That's insane!"

Raising his voice, Garfiel bared his fangs and stood. For a moment his body swayed, but most of his wounds had healed and it was no real problem. The fact that he'd been treated struck him again, and a further wave of humiliation clawed at his chest.

"I admit I lost! That's a fact! But submittin' to you is a whole different matter! I lost, I got beat, I get it! But I'm still alive right now, still kickin'! If you seriously wanted to move forward without me, then you should've just killed me! The fact that you couldn't do that means you're just as vulnerable as I am!"

"That would defeat the whole purpose. If Garf's strength is needed but we let Garf die anyway, then the goal and everything else would be completely backwards."

"...That's why, I—!!"

"Quit your yapping!"

Before Garfiel could shout, Ram, now on her feet, roared first. Her pale red eyes blazed with anger as she glared up at Garfiel from directly below. At that fierceness, Garfiel found himself involuntarily cowed, and shut his mouth.

"You lost, didn't you, you lost. Then as the loser, act like a loser and obey the victor. How much longer are you going to drag out this pathetic sniveling loser's spirit, how pitiful do you want to look in front of the woman you love, Garf. You were blaming everyone else before, and the moment you lost you started blaming yourself instead — all that's changed is whether you're barking inward or outward. It's ridiculous."

"Ngh... ah."

The blow landed too precisely on the mark, and Garfiel couldn't find a comeback. Before the fight, he'd pushed the problem onto others; the moment he lost, he pushed it onto his own weakness instead. In the end, that was proof that nothing at all had changed about the pettiness of barking in whatever direction felt weaker.

He had simply stopped barking outward at what he'd thought was weak, and changed direction to bark inward at the self he could no longer deny was weak.

"But what am I supposed to do! Grin and fall in line with the rest of you!? There's no way in hell I can do that any easier! I admit I lost, but... that don't mean I've admitted your words are right...!"

That was no excuse, no evasion — it was Garfiel's true, honest feeling.

He admitted he'd lost. That the enemy had outnumbered him meant nothing, wasn't worth discussing. Chasing down the reasons for his defeat could go on forever if he let it.

The real problem was that, deep in Garfiel's heart, no firm conviction had taken root to believe in the argument Subaru had made when they'd faced each other.

Ultimately, his own thinking, twisted and hardened by all that had weighed on him until now, hadn't changed at all — so being told to fall in line and fight alongside them wasn't something he could simply nod along to with an "Ah, I see."

"How am I supposed to... get outta this half-assed situation I'm in..."

"If you hate staying stuck halfway, then prove you're not standing still."

"...Wh-what did you say?"

Still breathing hard, Garfiel looked at Ram before him. Her expression had returned to its usual composed self, and she was looking straight up at him.

His own weak expression, reflected in her eyes. He wanted to look away from it, but Ram's gaze wouldn't allow it.

"I don't know what Barusu said to you, but I can more or less guess. So, Garf... why don't you go check for yourself."

"I check for myself... what."

"Whether Garf can change, or whether you're going to stay curled up, unable to move, the same little child you've always been."

Garfiel finally grasped what was being said to him. And the instant he understood its meaning, a racing heartbeat unlike any he'd felt before struck him.

A cold sweat ran down his back, and in an instant it spread clinging over his entire body. His pulse grew ragged, and an unending ringing began to echo endlessly inside his skull.

The trauma that bound Garfiel's heart with thorned chains, so severe it disrupted every part of his body. With a chill, he felt a shiver run through him and turned to look ahead, where the imposing form of the burial mound stood unchanged.

—Check for himself. In that place, check what.

Even if he went in, what could possibly be confirmed there? Being shown a past he didn't want to see — what different answer did Ram expect from him this time, compared to back then?

Nothing would change. There was no way it could change.

And yet, knowing that full well, why was he hesitating between "going" and "not going," instead of simply declaring "I'm not going"?

"...Go in, and find out what."

He was being played. Completely. Even though he couldn't believe anything would change, there was a part of him that wanted to check anyway.

His body stiffened with fear, his heart screamed in refusal, and yet Garfiel's soul was howling.

*I want to check. I have to check.* Whether the claim of the boy who had stood in his way, screaming while coughing up blood — Natsuki Subaru's claim — had been right or not. Whether all his time up to now had been a mistake or not.

"You've got the look of someone whose resolve is settled."

Before he knew it, the trembling in his teeth, the pounding of his heart, had both settled. Even the trace of the cold sweat that had drenched his whole body was gone, and Garfiel turned back to Ram without a word.

He didn't know what she was hoping for, egging him on like this. Truthfully, wasn't it likely that whether Garfiel ended up siding with them wasn't even what mattered most to Ram?

Having known her so long, there were things he could sense, if only vaguely.

In her true heart, Ram wasn't asking for Garfiel to stand beside her. On a level further back than that, she was asking for Garfiel to reach his own conclusion about how to live his life. Everything after that was secondary.

What a gracious, what a wonderful woman she was, he thought.

"Well, it'll be fine, Garf."

Perhaps taking Garfiel's tight-lipped silence for anxiety, Ram let a rare warmth show in her voice as she lightly patted his bare shoulder.

"If it turns out to be so scary you cry, Ram will comfort you. — For old times' sake."

<notes>
- Title: "幼馴染の女に頭が上がらない" literally means something like "Can't Hold His Head Up to/Can't Get the Upper Hand Over His Childhood Friend" — rendered here as "The Man Who Can't Get the Better of His Childhood Friend" to capture the idiom (頭が上がらない, "unable to hold one's head up to someone," i.e., being unable to act superior to or refuse someone). This applies to Garfiel/Ram in this chapter, though the phrasing is ambiguous as to which male character it refers to (could also loosely apply to Subaru/Emilia). Flagging for wiki/context check.
- "インビジブル・プロヴィデンス" (Invisible Providence) is Subaru's naming of his new "unseen hand" ability — kept as a transliterated coinage per his naming convention (chuunibyou-style English terms), not an official wiki term.
- "猪口才" (chokozai, "cheeky/smart-alecky") — Subaru's aside "きょうび聞かねぇな" ("nobody says that these days") reflects that it's an old-fashioned word; translated to preserve the joke about archaic diction.
</notes>