Arc 5 Chapter 28: "A War Council, Wounds and All"

"Wait, let's calm down. First, let's get the information we already have straightened out. Okay?"

Hearing what Felix had finally, resolutely revealed, Subaru's capacity for absorbing information was starting to look shaky. Raising his hand to propose it, Felix and Ricardo both nodded, and the three of them set about organizing and sharing the information, including the broadcast just now.

"Should we move somewhere else? ...No, I guess that's tough with this many wounded around."

"Yeah. Most people's first aid is pretty much done, so nobody should suddenly take a turn for the worse, but still, you know?"

Giving priority to Felix's professional judgment, they decided to talk without changing locations. The first thing that caught Subaru's attention was this field hospital itself. Minimal lighting, a chilly stone floor underfoot. From the peculiar feel of the air, Subaru judged this place to be underground—somewhere close to a department store parking garage.

"So this shelter, or whatever it is—where exactly are we? This is still Priestella, right?"

"No mistake about it, this is a shelter. You remember this morning's broadcast on the Magic Vessel, right? Because of how Priestella's built, there's always been worry about flood damage if something goes wrong with the waterways, so shelters are set up all over the city. This is one of the shelters in the First District."

"This is near that plaza where you two were flat on your backs. After that nasty first broadcast, me and some of the survivors found you two and hauled you in here, that's the deal!"

Picking up where Felix left off, Ricardo thumped his thick chest and answered in a booming voice. Felix gave a sidelong glare at Ricardo, who never lowered his volume no matter how many times he was warned.

"You were both covered in wounds, but it was lucky Feli-chan was here. This doggy uncle can carry the wounded, but he can't treat nyanybody."

"That's right! Glad I didn't have to feel bad about that! Gyahaha!"

Laughing heartily with his mouth wide open, Ricardo hadn't forgotten his usual demeanor even in a situation like this. In a place full of the wounded, it might seem out of place, but somehow having even one person who didn't wear a grim expression was a small mercy.

"So, about why Subaru-kyun and the others were down..."

"Right. Sin Archbishops showed up in the plaza. Two of them—'Greed' and 'Wrath.' The one who gouged my leg was 'Greed,' and he's the one who took Emilia. ...But the one who wounded everyone else's legs around there wasn't 'Greed.' That was 'Wrath's' power."

"What do you mean?"

"The Sin Archbishop of 'Wrath'... it's hard to explain, but he has a power that lets him make anyone else feel the same wound or sensation that someone else suffered, exactly as it was."

Choosing his words carefully, Subaru somehow managed to break down Sirius's Authority into something he could convey. Ricardo tilted his head at the words, but Felix immediately grasped the danger and his expression changed.

He looked over at the wounded, then at the bandages on Subaru's right leg.

"I see. ...So that's why Subaru-kyun's wound and everyone else's look so alike. I thought it was way too twisted to copy wounds exactly like that... but maybe that's the better option, in a way."

"...Yeah."

If it were just someone with a twisted personality, that alone could be dismissed as mere physiological revulsion. But in Sirius's case, the Authority itself was troublesome on top of the twisted personality. Conveying that made Subaru sick of himself, having to pass along even more unpleasant information.

"And 'Greed' is trouble too."

"Ehh~, honestly, Feli-chan doesn't wanna hear any more bad nyews."

"Sorry, but no such luck. —That 'Greed' bastard, I don't know the trick behind it, but he's got a power that nullifies attacks. Get hit with fire, get whipped, get punched—zero damage. On top of that, it seems like he might be able to apply it not just to himself, but to whoever he's touching."

Unconscious in Regulus's arms, Emilia should have been defenseless. In that state she should have taken the brunt of Sirius's flame attacks and the like, but Regulus had protected not just himself but Emilia too, from that very situation. That result was less a matter of Regulus fighting valiantly, and more likely that his baffling ability had made Emilia invincible as well. But if that were the case, it would be a disaster.

"A guy who spreads wounds to others, and an invincible guy... haha, this is getting nyasty."

"The last Sin Archbishop... Petelgeuse, his power was being able to wield countless invisible arms. I thought that one was pretty bad too, but in terms of sheer nastiness, this time is way worse."

To begin with, Petelgeuse's ambush-guaranteed Authority hadn't worked on Subaru at all. Since Petelgeuse's ability as a Sin Archbishop hadn't functioned on him, in Subaru's impression Petelgeuse had shed the crown of "Sin Archbishop" and become nothing more than a madman. This, in the truest sense, might be the first time he was fighting a real Sin Archbishop.

"Since they're calling themselves Sin Archbishops the same way... I guess we should figure the 'Lust' from that broadcast just now has a similar level of trouble to deal with."

"Worst case... and that's on top of the fact that there might already be five Sin Archbishops."

"...Five?"

In front of Subaru, who was biting his lip, Felix voiced a bad premonition that went beyond anything Subaru had imagined. What on earth had led him to that idea? Subaru's eyes went wide, and Felix let out a breath and held up a finger.

"Listen. Think back to the broadcast just now. At the end, didn't 'Lust' say this—that they'd secured the control towers for the city's four waterways?"

"Ah, yeah, they said that. If those waterways get messed with, the city sinks underwater or something... that's why it's bad, right?"

"It could just be that Witch Cult followers have occupied them, sure... but there are already three Sin Archbishops confirmed gathered in this city. Something like this is unprecedented, and this is just piling worst case on worst case, but... there are four control towers."

"Four... wait."

Saying the number aloud, Subaru finally understood what Felix was getting at. The control towers governing the water gates of the city of Priestella were one each to the north, south, east, and west—four in total. And if they'd occupied those control towers, then—

"Don't tell me—one Sin Archbishop per tower... you're saying four Sin Archbishops have secured the four towers?! B-but even so, that'd only make four total..."

"Subaru-kyun. Think about the broadcast just now. —That broadcast can only be made from the Magic Vessel at the city hall, in the center of the city. That means the enemy has occupied five strongholds that control the city's core functions."

"—!"

At the further mounting despair of the implication, Subaru's breath caught. Felix was right. The broadcast could only be made because they had control of city hall. Aside from the 'Lust' Sin Archbishop stationed there, two more Sin Archbishops had been confirmed. There was no longer any reason to assume this wasn't a coordinated all-out assault by the surviving Witch Cult.

"Besides us in the plaza... was there trouble elsewhere too? Casualties, damage, anywhere?"

"————"

If this was assumed to be a full-scale Witch Cult offensive, it seemed hard to believe the plaza had been the only place trouble broke out. Praying that his bad imagination wouldn't become reality, Subaru deliberately avoided the word "casualties," and Felix fell silent. Felix's downcast expression made Subaru's heart race, but it was Ricardo who cleared his throat instead.

The dog-faced beastman opened his fang-filled mouth toward Subaru, whose eyes went wide.

"Honestly, not knowin' is our situation right now. What's happenin' at the other shelters is a total unknown to us too. But wanderin' around outside ain't a smart move."

"Why not? Shouldn't we try to link up with the other locations somehow? You must be worried about your people too... that's it!"

Talking to the crossed-armed Ricardo, Subaru hastily turned to look at Felix. The strangeness of it hit him—that among all the wounded in this shelter, there wasn't a single familiar face besides Felix and Ricardo. Especially with Felix here—

"Where's Crusch-san, and Wilhelm-san? It's way too rare for you not to be with those two. Aren't they here in this shelter with you?"

"...Asking the hard questions, huh. Like you can see, the only familiar faces here are me and this old dog uncle, Subaru-kyun. As for the rest—"

"—You mustn't trouble Subaru-sama too much, Felix."

At Felix's answer, which only stoked anxiety further, Subaru's insides clenched with tension. And then that tension eased at a soft voice that carried a sense of unshakable core strength. At the sudden voice, Subaru's head snapped up and he looked around in every direction. But no matter where he searched, he couldn't find the source of the voice. And then—

"I'm sorry. It seems I only startled you further. Felix. Please make sure Subaru-sama can see properly."

"Ha~i. Honestly, Crusch-sama, you're such a meanie."

"Huh? Wha—?"

Before Subaru's wide eyes, Felix exchanged words with an unseen speaker. He rummaged around inside his coat, and when Subaru saw what he pulled out, his eyes went even wider. Then, he understood the trick behind this bit of magic.

"You, that's—"

"Yep. One of the spoils of war from a year ago. Good thing I brought it along this time, huh?"

What Felix held in his hand was a hand mirror, small enough to fit in a palm. At first glance it looked like nothing special, but reflected in it was a beautiful woman with long green hair and a gentle face—unmistakably, Crusch.

Called a Dialogue Mirror, this Magic Vessel was something like an otherworldly cell phone, allowing conversation with the holder of its paired mirror. A year ago, it had proven useful during the confrontation with the Witch Cult, and apparently it had been brought along to this city again this time.

Before the speechless Subaru, Crusch on the other side of the mirror knit her brow slightly.

"Felix. Can't you see Subaru-sama is troubled?"

"Sorry nyaa. But but, I didn't think the next contact would come so soon, so the explanation got pushed back. The Dialogue Mirror isn't all-powerful either, you know."

"W-wait. I get the gist of it. That it's thanks to the Dialogue Mirror, that much I understand. So, um, Crusch-san and the others are contacting us from a different shelter than this one, right?"

"That's correct."

Listening to the exchange between mistress and servant, Subaru sorted out his confused head. He'd thought it odd that Felix, who normally worshipped the ground Crusch walked on, seemed so calm—turns out it was because he'd already confirmed Crusch's safety via the Dialogue Mirror. In any case, it was a relief to have confirmation that Crusch was safe. Subaru met Crusch's eyes through the mirror still in Felix's hand.

"I'm glad... though I guess 'glad' isn't quite the word for this situation, but being able to stay in contact like this, even in a state like this, is a stroke of luck. Are you all right, Crusch-san? No injuries?"

"Yes, thank you for your concern. Fortunately, I wasn't caught up in any harm before I made it to the shelter. I hear you were the one carried in with severe injuries, Subaru-sama. Are you all right?"

"Can't really say I'm 'all right,' exactly. But I'll manage somehow. I can't just lie here, and once the wound closes up I'm moving. ...Felix, don't glare at me."

Felix's sharp gaze pierced Subaru as he tried to ignore the "absolute bed rest" diagnosis right in front of him. But—sorry to Felix—Subaru wasn't saying something this reckless without thinking it through. As things stood, it was dire enough that anyone could meet any fate at any moment. He couldn't just lie there peacefully and let the worst happen.

"We'll discuss that point later... Crusch-san, what's the situation like at your shelter? Who's there besides you?"

"Yes. The ones here with me are..."

"I'm here too, Subaru. Fortunately, I was able to bring out the people who'd remained at the inn."

Cutting in from behind Crusch was an elegant voice, recognizable in an instant even through the mirror. At the sound of that voice, Subaru's thoughts stopped for a moment, but he quickly shook his head. He didn't want to be foolish enough not to realize just how reassuring it was to have this man there, in this situation.

"If you're there, that's a bit of a relief, Julius."

"We were worried here too, hearing you'd been carried in unconscious. Good to see you've recovered enough to at least consider whether to crack a joke. ...Is it true that Emilia-sama was taken?"

"...It's true. Sorry. I wasn't good enough."

"It was two Sin Archbishops against you. I'm not so unreasonable as to blame you for a lack of strength. On our end, besides Crusch-sama and myself, we have Anastasia-sama and several of the 'Iron Fang.' Ah, and two of Felt-sama's attendants have joined us as well."

He briefly confirmed Emilia's circumstances and didn't press further. Julius's consideration, on the other side of the mirror, was appreciated, but it also further pricked at Subaru's self-reproach. While listening to what followed, Subaru glanced over the wounded in the shelter. Finding the faces he'd been searching for among them—

"Tell the two who're with you, Felt's companions—their other comrade is safe here with us. Wounded, but alive."

"I see, that's fortunate. They've been putting on a brave face, but it was clear they were worried. I'll pass that along. —Now then, Subaru."

Having relayed word of Rachins's safety to Tom and Kan, Julius's tone dropped. The mood of the conversation shifted. As Subaru waited for the words to come, Julius said in a low voice—

"What do we do?"

"...Well, that's an awfully vague way to open the question."

"It brought to mind the time with 'Sloth.' With it being the Witch Cult, I find myself hoping this might be your area of expertise. That perhaps you'll break the situation open with something I never would have thought of."

"What kind of unreasonable expectation is that. Sorry to disappoint, but I'm not some Witch Cult specialist."

"That is unfortunate, but there's also the matter of Emilia-sama. There's no doubt you're the one feeling the most urgency right now. I wanted to ask directly what you intend to do."

Though it wasn't the answer he'd hoped for, Julius didn't seem discouraged. He'd probably known himself that expecting Subaru to be some Witch Cult killer was close to wishful fantasy. Rather, Subaru immediately understood that the real matter was the topic Julius had brought up afterward.

"...It was 'Greed' who took Emilia away. Even now, a chill runs down my spine thinking about that hair-raising, self-serving logic of his. There's no way in hell I'm letting Emilia stay in the hands of a bastard like that for even one more second."

"So you mean to say you'll take charge of retrieving Emilia-sama from 'Greed.'"

"Obviously. ...Did I just say 'take charge'?"

At Subaru, who'd nodded on momentum alone, Julius fiddled with his bangs on the other side of the mirror. The knight then spread his palm so Subaru could see it, showing five fingers.

"Listen, Subaru. If you've spoken with Felix, you should understand—the Witch Cult has occupied five key sites in Priestella. If we assume there's an enemy on the level of a Sin Archbishop at each, the allocation of our forces becomes an extremely important problem."

"...Because if even one of those places gets its water gate messed with, the city sinks."

"Exactly. As a condition for us to drive back the Witch Cult, we'll need to storm all five of these key sites simultaneously. Granted, that's a judgment made after scraping together what forces we can muster from those connected to the city as well, but... you understand that's difficult right now too, don't you?"

With no way to communicate between the various shelters, the all-out war Julius described—gathering the city's full strength—was difficult to achieve. Normally, the Magic Vessel at city hall would have handled coordinating communication with every location. This time, with even city hall having fallen into enemy hands, the shelters were effectively cut off from one another. Each shelter had to judge the situation and act on its own.

"By the way, according to what the old dog uncle confirmed, there's Witch Cult followers scattered all over the city. And apparently there are also people who look like they've lost their minds, turning into a mob."

"...Witch Cult followers, and that idiot Sirius. Damn it, this just keeps getting more hopeless."

Scratching his head at Felix's unwelcome addendum, Subaru could only grit his teeth at the worsening situation. If only there were some way to make contact with every remaining force—

"On our side, the missing are Garfiel and Otto. Emilia counts as missing too, in the sense that 'Greed' took her. We're a mess..."

"On mine, it's Joshua, and three vice-captains of the 'Iron Fang.' Wilhelm-sama, and both Felt-sama and Reinhard are unaccounted for as well. As for Priscilla-sama and her group..."

"I don't know about that companion of hers, Al, or the crappy middle-aged guy, but Priscilla should've been at the city park in the First District right when the chaos broke out. Where she evacuated to after that... ah, damn it. Liliana should've been with her too. Those two better be safe."

Priscilla was someone Subaru wasn't great with, and Liliana was, frankly, a girl he had his doubts about too. But he had enough decency in him to at least hope they hadn't been caught up in the disaster. Given that woman who bragged about her luck, and that songstress with that personality, he figured they were probably fine. Patrasche should still be tethered at the Water Wing Inn, too. Being the clever girl she was, he doubted she'd been thrashing around and drawing extra attention, but the seeds of worry never ran out.

Gathering up all these uncertain elements, it felt less and less realistic that a simultaneous assault on five locations could actually be carried out. It was reckless no matter how you looked at it. With their current forces, they couldn't even manage to send one capable fighter to each of the five sites—let alone the fact that the enemy were Sin Archbishops. Going head-to-head one-on-one and holding your own was nothing but wishful thinking.

"...Wait. To begin with, why do we need to bring down all five sites simultaneously?"

"What are you saying? I already told you. Even a single control tower can inflict catastrophic damage on the city. If we let even one of the four slip through our fingers..."

"That's not it. No, that's true, but that's not what I mean. I get that we have to retake all four. But why does it have to be simultaneous? Where's that necessity coming from?"

"If they sense trouble at one location, it's only natural the other three would take action in response. That's precisely why they've launched an assault of this scale on the city in the first place."

Julius tried to methodically dismantle the thing nagging at Subaru. Listening to his words, Subaru wondered whether that was really, truly correct. Of course, logically, he understood painfully well that Julius's opinion was right. He understood it, but the enemy wasn't the kind of people logic worked on.

In fact, Sirius and Regulus had been trying to kill each other for real back in that plaza. It hadn't spread further only because Regulus wasn't fighting seriously, but Sirius had unmistakably intended to burn Regulus to death. And if Subaru hadn't interfered, there was a good chance Regulus would have torn Sirius limb from limb. Were people like that really coordinating with each other to bring down this city?

"...Isn't it possible they're not actually coordinating, in the true sense? Sure, they'll say things like threatening to operate the water gates at the control towers, but they're not coordinated enough to be in constant contact with each other. That's what I think."

"You have grounds for that, I take it?"

"In the plaza, the two Sin Archbishops were trying to kill each other. It got interrupted partway through because apparently there was a new instruction from the Gospel, but if that hadn't happened, one of them would be down right now."

"That people like that would be coordinating does seem hard to imagine... doesn't it."

Still, Julius's response to Subaru's answer was somewhat reluctant. He probably couldn't fully let go of the possibility, the wishful-thinking line of reasoning. Subaru understood that too. Still—

"Are you checking outside at all?"

"We've posted 'Iron Fang' lookouts here, keeping the control tower in view for observation... do you have some idea?"

"This is just a guess, but if they were trying to communicate regularly, the simplest way would be shooting magic up into the sky, right? The control towers are far apart from each other, and it's a maze of a city, so getting back and forth is a hassle. If they tried to talk it out verbally, unless they'd brought along something like a Dialogue Mirror, it'd take forever."

"It's safe to assume it's unlikely the Witch Cult has brought Dialogue Mirrors. If a large number had been brought in, the Spirits would react to the interference between mirrors. None of my Minor Spirits have caught any sign of that. —I see, so that's it."

While answering, it seemed Julius had arrived at the same conclusion as Subaru. Subaru said "yeah" as a preface, then continued.

"If they're not keeping regular, easy-to-read contact with each other, then it's likely that even if one location gets attacked, they won't act unless there's some visible commotion. They can't even notice it in the first place, so they can't act on it—which means we need less force spread thin."

"...Except there's one problem with that plan. There's exactly one location, unlike the others, that does have a means of announcing that it's been attacked."

"—City hall. Only that building, with its ability to broadcast through the Magic Vessel, can verbally tell the other control towers that an assault has happened. So that's the one we need to bring down first, swiftly."

The one they needed to concentrate their forces on first and bring down was the central city hall. If they could throw their remaining strength at it and drive back the Witch Cult there, the rest would just be a matter of crushing the control towers one by one. Even then it would come down to a race against time, but it should reduce the danger compared to a simultaneous assault on five locations. At least, that's what he wanted to believe.

"————"

On the other side of the Magic Vessel, Subaru could tell Julius had fallen silent, deep in thought. Even this proposal from Subaru was, in the end, just following the wishful-thinking line that "the Witch Cult's coordination is shaky," based on how Regulus and Sirius seemed to be at odds. If the Gospel's instructions turned out to say something like "kill them all together, in harmony," and if the Sin Archbishops obeyed it, this whole idea would collapse from the foundation up.

If only, back there, he'd managed to at least pry out what the Gospel said—

"—Apologies for the delay in reaching you. Can you hear my voice now?"

In the midst of the heavy, ongoing silence, another voice suddenly cut into the conversation. That gruff voice, weathered by years, felt more reliable than anything else could in this situation, and Subaru's head snapped up. Clearly reflected in the Dialogue Mirror was the face of the white-haired old swordsman.

"Wilhelm-san! You're safe!"

"Wil-jii! Thank goodness. I was so worried when we couldn't reach you!"

Not just Subaru but Felix too burst out at the sight of the man. At their warm welcome, the gentleman in the mirror, Wilhelm, widened his eyes in surprise, then bowed his head slightly.

"My apologies. Things have been hectic on this end as well, and it's been difficult to find a moment's peace. We've only just now managed to take refuge in a nearby shelter along with some citizens. I'm relieved to see both you and Felix are safe, Subaru-dono. And Crusch-sama?"

"I'm safe as well. Wilhelm, I'm glad you're all right."

"Your words are more than I deserve... no, I feel utterly inadequate, not being at your side in a situation like this. Please wait there quietly a little while longer. I will come for you without fail."

"Wow, that's a whole different level of reassuring..."

Watching Crusch and Wilhelm exchange words through the mirror, Subaru let out a sigh at the sheer sense of security in the master-and-retainer exchange, marveling at Wilhelm as ever. And while glad for his safety, Subaru tried to mentally review the earlier conversation so as to bring him into this strategizing. But—

"There are several matters I wish to discuss, but urgent business first."

Cutting the reunion short, Wilhelm promptly stepped away from the hand mirror. In the old swordsman's place appeared a kitten beastman wearing a monocle. It was Tivey, vice-captain of the 'Iron Fang.' It seemed he too had linked up with Wilhelm. However, his expression was unusually grim.

"Oy, if it ain't Tivey! Good to see you're all right!"

"Likewise, Captain, I'm relieved you're safe. ...But we're not really all right either. Is my sister with you, by any chance?"

"Mimi? Ain't seen her. What, somethin' happen?"

At Tivey's uncharacteristically subdued voice, Ricardo narrowed his eyes as if sensing something too. From beyond Tivey, someone else cut into the mirror.

"C-captain! Sis! It's Sis...!"

"H-Hetaro? What's wrong, gettin' so worked up!"

The one who'd burst in, voice thick with tears, was Hetaro, Tivey's twin brother. Normally a timid-looking boy, his face was now twisted in particular anguish. Tears welled in his round eyes, and his voice trembled as he clung to the hand mirror.

"T-the effects of the 'Divine Protection of Trisection' are flowing in from Sis! A-and it's a terrible wound... if the wound coming through is this bad, Sis...!"

"Big brother, calm down. ...Captain, you heard him. Sis got injured somewhere, and the effects are being passed on to me and my brother too. So..."

"—Got it. I understand, both of ya. Just wait. I'll go find Mimi myself, right now. Don't cry, just wait for me."

In a voice quieter than Subaru had ever heard from him, Ricardo spoke to the other side of the mirror. At the calmness in that tone, Subaru felt a pressure he'd never sensed from Ricardo before, and a shiver ran down his spine.

In the dog-faced beastman's eyes was fury, and beneath his loosened lips gleamed sharp fangs. His massive frame flexed with muscle as he rose to his feet, gripping the huge cleaver in his hand. It looked as though he might charge off into the city that very instant to search for the missing girl.

"—Wait up, Ricardo. I won't allow such a selfish move."

But the one who stopped Ricardo's feet as he made to bolt was another voice reaching through the mirror. At the far end of Ricardo's turning gaze, having been given priority at the mirror, Anastasia's figure stood out clearly. Ricardo wrinkled his muzzle and pointed his cleaver at the girl who employed him.

"Don't stop me, missy. Even I got times I can't be bothered playin' along with a joke."

"If this sounds like a joke to you, then I guess our long partnership hasn't built much of a bond after all, Ricardo. Don't make me say it again. I won't allow selfish action right now. Even if it's for Mimi's sake."

"You tellin' me to abandon Mimi, ya brat?!"

Ricardo opened his mouth wide, his roar shaking the very air of the shelter. Subaru genuinely felt as though he'd taken a shockwave to the chest and reeled backward. Radiating the ferocious presence of a raging carnivore from every inch of his body, Ricardo glared at Anastasia. But even through the mirror, Anastasia met that glare head-on, without flinching.

"You should know better, Ricardo. The situation allows no margin for error. And you're one of my trump cards, an important asset. I can't condone you wandering off on your own."

"That's rich, comin' from you. Who d'ya think you're talkin' to like that, Ana-bou...!"

"Obviously I do. Did you forget, you great beast of a dog?"

The two of them called each other by names only old, familiar acquaintances would use, the air between them swelling toward the brink of violence. Feeling the tension prickling against his skin, Subaru genuinely agonized over whose side to take. No—there was nothing to agonize over.

Emotionally, he wanted to side with Ricardo, but it was plain as day that Anastasia's argument was the correct one. And more than that—it wasn't some outsider making this call. Anastasia herself, someone directly involved, was choosing to prioritize retaking the city over Mimi. There was nothing here Subaru had any place to weigh in on. Even Ricardo surely understood that much, deep down.

"————"

The standoff continued. If Ricardo shook it off and bolted, there was no way the injured Subaru and the non-combatant Felix could stop him. So the only thing holding him back was the sheer force of Anastasia's gaze, meeting his through the Magic Vessel. But then, abruptly, Ricardo pulled his eyes from the mirror and turned around.

"Wait, Ricardo!"

"—Not that. Don't jump to conclusions."

Anastasia raised her voice at Ricardo's sudden movement, but Ricardo's response to her urgent tone was calm. He turned, looking toward the shelter's entrance, and gave a sniff.

"Somethin's comin' closer. What is this... smell of blood?"

"The smell of blood...?"

Even amid all these wounded people, it seemed he could pick out the scent of fresh blood. Wariness plain on his face, Ricardo readied the cleaver in his hand and glared at the entrance. Subaru and Felix held their breath, watching to see Ricardo's judgment, when—

"—!"

Heavy footsteps sounded, and a figure came rushing into the underground shelter. For a moment, even the wounded throughout the shelter held their breath at the intruder's presence, but it was none other than Subaru who broke the silence first.

Because standing there was a familiar man—blond-haired, small in stature.

"Garfiel?!"

Drenched in sweat, gasping for breath—it was Garfiel. Hearing Subaru's shout and noticing him, he came stumbling over on unsteady, alarming footing. And then, belatedly, Subaru realized what it was.

The reason for Garfiel's unsteadiness was something he held in his arms.

"————"

As everyone lost their words, Garfiel reached Subaru's side. Right there, he collapsed to his knees, bowing his head as if clinging to Subaru.

"Sorry, boss...! I'm—I'm useless! Good for nothin'...!"

Garfiel let out that anguished cry. In his blood-soaked arms was Mimi, held there, at death's door.