Arc 5 Chapter 50: "The Wedge of Love"


　--When the brilliant light subsided and his vision returned, the state of the chapel had completely transformed.

"I feel like I've definitely said this exact thing before, but..."

　Taking in the scene before his eyes, Subaru let out a small breath.
　He pressed his sleeve over his mouth to shield against the dense dust and scattering wood splinters.
　The chapel was now entirely well-ventilated, and as the blowing night breeze washed over him, Subaru stomped hard on the floor and pointed his finger straight ahead.

"You really *are* the bigger monster here, aren't you?!"

"I've told you before, but that hurts my feelings, Subaru. If you keep talking like that, even I have a heart that can be wounded."

"Now's not the time to be talking about your wounded heart! Let your body get wounded like a normal person! What was that just now?!"

　Subaru clutched his head once more at Reinhard's sheer absurdity.
　Reinhard gave a wry smile as he turned around, the ice sword shattering in his right hand. Even if it had only been for a single swing, withstanding a slash from the Sword Saint was an endurance worthy of praise.
　And Emilia, who had created it, was currently held in Reinhard's left arm.

　In that split-second exchange, he had snatched away Emilia, whose neck had been seized by Regulus.
　As a result, the only one sent flying by the slash was Regulus.
　For an opening blow, it was a fairly decent result, but--

"Still, that was razor-thin. Are you all right too, miss?"

"------"

　The one Subaru called out to with concern was the woman he had pulled in just before the slash, mirroring Reinhard. She was a beautiful woman with blonde hair, but what bothered him was that neither her eyes nor her expression showed anything resembling emotion.
　Thinking the scene must have simply left her in undeniable shock, he matched his gaze with the slumped woman.

"Sorry if I scared you. To catch that guy off guard, that was the only way. If you're hurting anywhere, just tell me. I'll do whatever I can."

"------"

　Even to Subaru's address, the woman gave no response whatsoever.
　Though her state weighed on his mind, he couldn't afford to fuss over her alone. Leaving the seated woman behind, Subaru headed for what had once been the altar.

　The chapel, which had a structure very similar to the churches Subaru knew, had been reduced to an unrecognizable ruin by Reinhard's single swing.
　The front of the building--along with the hallway leading to the altar and side rooms--was lost in radiant light and rubble. What barely remained were the outer edges and the rear of the building. Fortunately, the seats where the women were present seemed unharmed, partly thanks to Emilia's ice wall.
　And then he ran up to the two standing amid the ruined altar: Emilia and Reinhard. Having stepped away from Reinhard's arms, Emilia was coughing slightly in distress.

"Emilia-tan, are you okay?"

"Cough, cough... Mhm, I'm okay. My throat hurts a little, but..."

"Did he do anything to you? Did he say anything weird? He looks like the kind of creep who'd lick a girl's cheek with his tongue, did he do anything gross? By the way, that bridal gown is super cute! Who helped you change, it wasn't Regulus, was it?! Dammit, I will never forgive that bastard. But I gotta admit his choice in dresses is great. You look cute no matter what you wear, Emilia-tan."

"W-Wait, Subaru, calm down. I can't understand what you're saying."

　As Subaru pressed in with heavy breaths, Emilia pushed him back in slight bewilderment.
　Seeing Subaru thoroughly checking every inch of her to make sure she was truly unharmed, Emilia let out a soft breath and smiled.

"Mhm, thank you for coming to save me. I believed you would come, Subaru."

"I believed you'd wait and have faith in me too, Emilia-tan. Though I was terrified I wouldn't make it in time for the wedding."

"It's fine. I didn't feel like marrying that person at all. If I'm going to marry someone, I think it has to be someone I like."

"T-That's right! Thank goodness, what a relief. And by someone you like, you mean..."

"Ah! Reinhard! Are you all right with those injuries?!"

　Just as he was about to press further, Emilia cried out upon looking at Reinhard.
　Her attention shifted entirely to Reinhard, leaving Subaru to scratch his head with a crooked pout before looking in the same direction, only to grimace.

　Reinhard, who had released Emilia--his body looked unexpectedly gravely wounded.
　The front of his white outfit was violently torn, and a massive amount of fresh blood stained the fabric red. It looked as if he had taken a direct hit from an explosive, making Emilia gasp audibly.

"Whoa, gross! Dude, are you okay with that?!"

"That's right, it's a terrible injury! I'll heal it, let me see!"

"Thank you very much. But there is no need to worry. The wound is already closed."

　Smiling at the panicked pair, Reinhard wiped the blood off his chest with his white sleeve.
　When he did, all traces of injury had indeed vanished from his wiped chest. Not a scratch was to be found; only Reinhard's unblemished body remained.

"No wound... but you totally took a hit, right? Uh, what was that about? Are you telling me you secretly prepared fake blood packs without telling me or something?"

"By that, you mean?"

"Don't play dumb, or are you being serious? ...When Regulus made that stupid hostage declaration, I didn't know how you'd handle it, so I stayed quiet and watched, but how on earth did you survive that?"

"Indeed. It was a great help that you stayed quiet and watched. If you had drawn unnecessary attention, it might have provoked his wrath instead."

　To Subaru's irritated words, Reinhard replied in his usual calm tone. Even that response felt slightly off-beat, causing Subaru to sigh.

"I just thought that knowing you, you'd have some way of handling it. But when you collapsed covered in blood, you looked dead for real, so I was pretty genuinely freaked out..."

"Even so, you acted. I'm glad you had faith in me."

"That's only because right before that, you said something so meaningfully loaded like 'I'll leave whatever falls short to you'!"

　Subaru gave Reinhard's shoulder a nudge with no real malice and retorted with a bit of foul language. Watching the exchange between the two, Emilia's eyes went wide.

"You two were able to cooperate like that with just that little bit of communication?"

"Emilia-tan handed Reinhard an ice sword too, right? It's the same thing."

"That was a great help. Touching his body without a weapon gave me a slightly bad feeling, after all. The feedback was more than sufficient."

"You cut the building in half, so I sure hope so. Well, that's a total survival flag, though."

　Given what happened with Elsa previously, he wasn't being optimistic.
　Even while talking like this, he had no intention of letting his guard down against Regulus.

"So, Reinhard, care to give the answer to the trick earlier? A clone, or don't tell me it was a substitution jutsu? Please don't tell me you're a ninja on top of being a knight."

"I don't know what a ninja is, but it wasn't any grand trick. It was thanks to the 'Divine Protection of the Phoenix,' which allows me to revive from a state of death just once. So your opinion that I looked dead was correct. In fact, I was a little bit dead."

"'I was a little bit dead' my foot! What are you, stupid?!"

　Confronted with an answer that went beyond unexpected into the realm of the unimaginable, Subaru could only be bewildered.
　Dying once with the Divine Protection of the Phoenix--what did he think death was? Not that Subaru was one to talk--no, rather, Subaru was the *only* one qualified to talk.

"What are you trying to do, stealing my trademark...?"

"--? I am sorry. However, I thought that was the best way to draw the Sin Archbishop's attention. In fact, it went well. Though I'd rather never die again, of course."

"Somehow, knowing you died to save me gives me a huuuge sense of guilt..."

"Urk."

"Why are you making such a pained face, Subaru?"

　With boomerangs flying at him one after another, continuing this conversation was taking a heavy mental toll.
　Besides, it seemed they wouldn't be able to continue it any further regardless.

"--Subaru."

"I know."

　Narrowing his blue eyes, Reinhard called out to Subaru.
　Subaru raised his head at the call, and Emilia looked in the same direction as Reinhard.

　--At the end of their gaze stood the madman, radiating a sinister, demonic aura.

　The madman looked down upon the three from atop a towering pile of rubble from the collapsed chapel. Dressed all in white--white hair, white clothes, and a pale, expressionless white face--the madman twisted his mouth into a sneer.

"Did you have a nice, cozy chat while leaving me out of it? Honestly though, remaining so calm after doing all this shows a complete lack of humanity, doesn't it? Or is it that? Is it like stepping on an ant or something to you? Blowing me away is no different to you than crushing a bug to death, is that it? Just what is the meaning of that, I wonder?!"

　Escalating his own emotions to extremes, Regulus stepped down from the rubble into the chapel.
　Upon landing, he straightened the collar of his white tuxedo and smoothed the sleeves of his starched jacket. Brushing off the hem of his pants of the same color, he glared over with complete composure.
　He was completely unchanged from right before taking Reinhard's full-power slash.
　Far from being injured, not even a single thread of his clothes was out of place.

"I see. Just as I heard from Subaru, this is indeed a bizarre opponent."

"Earlier, Subaru and the others mentioned a Sin Archbishop... is it this person?"

　Reinhard and Emilia each spoke as they looked at Regulus.
　Hearing them, Regulus glared at Emilia with eyes gleaming with hatred.

"Yes, that's right. I am the Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing 'Greed,' Regulus Corneas. ...Or rather, isn't not even knowing the identity of the person you were about to exchange marital vows with a problem far preceding a lack of awareness as a wife? Shameless, immoral, and utterly incompetent! Good grief, you really are a hopelessly defective woman, aren't you!"

"Incompetent or not, you didn't tell me anything. I don't know what you mean by shameless and immoral either. Besides, if you're with the Witch Cult... the Witch Cult, Witch Cult...?"

　Emilia's expression clouded over as she tried to retort to Regulus's foul-mouthed abuse.
　Placing a hand to her head, she furrowed her brow as if trying to recall something.

"Witch Cult, and a Sin Archbishop... Have you and I met before...?"

"Huh? I wouldn't know. Or rather, for you to start bringing up some fateful meeting out of lingering regret at this point is just completely ridiculous, isn't it? Even though your face is pretty, an emotionally unfaithful woman is utterly hopeless. Someone like you, I... pwah!"

"Shut your rambling trap, idiot."

　As Regulus rambled on pointlessly, the whip wielded by Subaru struck him across the face. Knocked sideways by the impact, Regulus glared at Subaru with loathing.
　Sure enough, there was no trace of a blow left on his cheek.

"Man, unless we figure out the trick behind this 'invincibility' for real, this isn't even gonna be a fight..."

"Neither slashes nor whip attacks work, then. Lady Emilia's magic didn't get through either, so defeating him may prove tough. Subaru, I'm counting on you."

"What have you been muttering about this whole time...?!"

　Just after Reinhard patted the shoulder of the tilting-headed Subaru--his figure vanished.
　The next instant, Reinhard's front kick slammed directly into Regulus's torso, blasting the madman's body backward.

"Nu, aah--?!"

　Crying out, Regulus couldn't even break his fall as he crashed right back into the mountain of rubble from earlier, smashing through it and scattering the pile further.

"I shall deal with him. Subaru, I would like you to find a way to break through the trick of that 'invincibility.' Leave stalling for time to me."

"Yeah. Stalling is fine, but... you know, you're totally allowed to just beat him, right?"

"If possible, I would like to do so promptly. Subaru, get the women to a safe place. This place will soon become a battlefield as well."

"Wait, Reinhard. It might not be very useful, but please use this."

　Emilia called out to Reinhard as he was about to lightly step forward. In her hand, she held an ice sword she had formed once more with magic.

"I worked reeeally hard to make it, so I think it's sturdier than the last one."

"Much obliged."

　Accepting the ice sword offered by Emilia, Reinhard bowed respectfully.
　Then, facing forward, he leaped out of the chapel in pursuit of Regulus. The leg strength that made him vanish from sight in a single leap was truly a 'single bound' in every sense.
　Beyond their line of sight, their skin could already feel another shockwave erupting.
　Sensing this, Subaru turned back to Emilia.

"Emilia-tan! Let's evacuate the women for now so they don't get caught up in Reinhard's fight. Everyone outside... wait, are all these people Regulus's wives?"

　Belated as it was, the abnormality of the women remaining motionless behind the ice wall caught his attention.
　If they were Regulus's wives, were they members of the Witch Cult? Just a quick glance showed nearly fifty of them; if they all attacked at once, it was questionable how much Subaru could resist without Beatrice.
　However, Emilia shook her head, denying Subaru's anxiety.

"It's okay. These people are all Regulus's wives, but I think most of them are obeying him because they were threatened. So you don't need to worry."

"I see. Yeah, makes sense. If they were enemies, there's no way Reinhard would overlook... whoa, watch out! Stray shots have been whizzing by non-stop! Scary!"

　Outside the chapel, an inhuman duel between Reinhard and Regulus was unfolding.
　Rubble and stone fragments blasted by the impacts flew like bullets. When one shot zipped right past his ear, he couldn't optimistically assume this place was safe.

　On the offense outside, Reinhard held an overwhelming advantage, but as long as Regulus's Authority couldn't be bypassed, even Reinhard would eventually be worn down in a war of attrition. Before the madman turned his spearhead this way, they had to devise a countermeasure--

"Excuse me, miss. Are you all right? You're not hurt anywhere, right?"

　While Subaru was deep in thought, Emilia was shaking the blonde woman's shoulder.
　It was the woman rescued by the whip earlier. Given that she had been standing before the altar, perhaps she held a different standing from the other women. As before, there was no life in her expression at all.
　The woman looked up at Emilia speaking to her and slowly shook her head.

"I... we are staying here. If you are going to flee, please do as you like."

"Stay? But why? Did you hurt your leg? If so, I can heal it right away. The others won't be safe behind just a single sheet of ice either. You have to get out of here right now!"

"I refuse. The only one leaving this place is you."

"Why?! If you stay here, you'll be caught in the crossfire! Regulus will definitely attack without caring if you're here! If you don't run..."

"--My husband has not instructed us to leave this place."

　Emilia's desperate voice was cut off by the woman's utterly frozen tone.
　With a piercingly clear gaze, she stared back into Emilia's amethyst eyes.

"If we disobey my husband's orders and act on our own, we will incur his wrath. If that happens, the outcome is the same."

"That's... absurd...!"

　Subaru understood why Emilia was left speechless.
　To call it stubborn would imply having a self. To call it obstinate would imply firmness.
　All that lingered in every edge of the woman's words and demeanor was an indelible resignation.

　She--no, they had completely given up.
　Their hearts had been shattered to pieces by Regulus, leaving them unable to think of anything without him.
　It was a violence that could only be called a curse, one that no longer relied on words or actions.

"The one fighting Regulus is the 'Sword Saint' Reinhard. You guys seem terrified of Regulus, but Reinhard will definitely cut him down. So putting your lives on the line in a place like this for nothing is pointless."

"It makes no difference who the opponent is. The 'Sword Saint'? Don't make me laugh. As if anyone could match my husband... could match Regulus Corneas."

　The woman scoffed through her nose, brushing off Subaru's plea.
　It was the first emotion resembling a real feeling she had shown.
　A sneer like an immature adult laughing off an ignorant child's pipe dream.

　--Having come this far, Subaru had no choice but to understand their distorted relationship.

　The wives of Regulus Corneas believed in their husband's strength beyond all doubt.
　It was a trust so absolute that not even the 'Sword Saint' Reinhard could shake it, an unbreakable chain of bondage.
　With his peerless, overwhelming power, Regulus kept his wives' hearts firmly anchored to him.

　The wife believes in the husband, and the husband holds the wife's heart captive. In a sense, the ideal form of a married couple.
　The fact that it mirrored that ideal on the surface alone was what made it so thoroughly twisted.

"Dammit..."

　He acutely realized it. Words could not move them.
　The opinion of the woman before him was the consensus of all the women in the same position here. That was proven by the attitude of the women silently closing their eyes in their seats without voicing a single objection.
　If they wanted to force them out of here, nothing short of knocking them all unconscious and carrying them out one by one would do. And nobody here had the luxury of time for that.

"--Reinhard! Change of plans! We're executing Operation I first!"

　Giving up on persuading the women, Subaru rushed up the ruined altar and called out to Reinhard. In the city streets where the night was faintly beginning to fall, Reinhard ran along the wall of a building, defying gravity. During that, his eyes briefly flicked toward Subaru.

'Operation I first? Subaru, what about their evacuation?'

"--?! What?! Dude, where is your voice coming from?!"

'The Divine Protection of Telepathy. I can transmit my voice to friends within visible distance.'

"Stop becoming less and less human, will you?!"

　Before a thoroughly chilled Subaru, Reinhard's movements surpassed human comprehension.

　Kicking off the wall he had been running along, Reinhard spun at high speed mid-air.
　Just before his body landed, he spread the hem of his clothes to decelerate, and then, with a swing of his long leg, a blade of wind swept across the ground.
　The swirling dust tore up the brick-paved ground, striking the white madman directly at its terminus--unable to support his body, the shadow presumed to be Regulus was blown away once more.

"What was that, some kind of lethal acrobatics?!"

'He is attacking by hurling stones and sand, you see. I was slipping through the scattering grains of sand so as not to get hit.'

"To me, that sounds like you're dodging raindrops! --More importantly, change of location! Those women won't move! They're so scared of Regulus they can't move!"

'I see, understood. --Then let us try it.'

　Reinhard's voice dropped low as he closed in on Regulus with a light leap.
　Getting to his feet, Regulus kicked the ground, kicking up wood fragments and grains of sand. But Reinhard evaded them with minimal movement to close the distance, swung Emilia's preserved ice sword, and launched Regulus's body into the sky.
　The blown-away madman's scream overlapped with the crisp sound of the ice sword shattering.

"Subaru! Wait, what do you plan to do?"

"We're gonna lure him from here... Whoa, Emilia-tan, that's bold."

"Well, this dress is cute, but it's hard to move in..."

　Where Subaru looked, Emilia stood with the hem of her dress torn.
　She had resolved the mobility issues of the white wedding dress with a boldly torn slit. In exchange, Emilia's long, white legs were exposed quite high up, proving toxic to the eyes.

"Never mind that! More importantly, what are you having Reinhard do?"

"One of the plans I thought up before coming here. Since we still can't read the nature of Regulus's Authority. --We're going to eliminate the conceivable possibilities one by one."

　Nodding to Emilia, Subaru picked up Reinhard's beloved sword that had been left at the edge of the chapel. Then, together with Emilia, he chased after Reinhard's battlefield.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"Pwah! You little bug, darting around like that--!!"

　Spewing curses, Regulus swung his arm.
　His target was Reinhard, who was leaping in zigzags, and his weapon was ordinary gravel scooped from nearby.

　Normally, a shotgun spray of gravel could at best be expected to blind someone. Using such a tactic in a duel wasn't commendable in the first place--but in Regulus's hands alone, the power of that mere cowardly tactic changed explosively.
　The moment the gravel touched the nocturnal cityscape, it caused everything in its path to collapse, devastation trampling the scenery.

"--Hah!"

　Facing this rampage of gravel, Reinhard took exaggerated evasive maneuvers.
　Lowering his body to almost crawl along the ground, he moved at high speed while honing his senses to the sharpest edge. Contrary to its ungraceful appearance, his speed was so fast that ordinary eyes could not track it.
　Consequently, Regulus, whose movements were no different from an amateur's, could not keep up with Reinhard.

"You...! Where do you think you're going, you piece of trash?!"

　Having lost sight of the threat, Regulus lashed out in all directions at random.
　His skin prickled faintly with a premonition of danger approaching his person--the innate survival instinct issuing a warning about the adversary nearby.
　It wasn't a matter of whether he actually felt threatened by this foreign enemy or not. As a living creature, it was a sensation he was bound to feel. Regulus, too, felt the alarm sounded by every nerve in his body.

　--Only under the condition of an inexplicable threat closing in from all directions and all senses.

"Just what the hell are youuuuu--?!"

"I am the knight of Royal Selection candidate Lady Felt. I would be delighted if you showed Lady Felt your favor."

"--?!"

　A voice so composed rang out that one might think he was being mocked with nonsense.
　A hard impact struck the head of the dizzy Regulus--likely struck with a piece of steel. The high-pitched sound of it snapping from the base in a single strike and being tossed aside reached his ears.

　Glaring at the ground, Regulus bit his lip in humiliation.
　Reinhard kicked off the ground with sharp footwork, maintaining a posture that gave no fixed target.

　The clash between the 'Sword Saint' and 'Greed'--its advantage was clear even to the opposing parties themselves.
　Displaying an insane level of combat capability, Reinhard's ability to play even a Sin Archbishop like a fiddle was truly out of this world. But even so--

"Can't you tell that I'm the one who's going to win? I don't know how well you've gotten by with that violent power meant only for oppressing others, but anyone who can only build their happiness atop sacrifices will never get any further than that! To think of how many people's lives you've trampled with that power... your greed is truly sickening."

"--Those words sting. It is true that because of me, there are people who had to let go of their happiness. My acting like this is undoubtedly my atonement."

　To Regulus's incoherent logic, Reinhard lowered his eyes slightly.
　Seeing the Sword Saint's attitude of agreeing with him, Regulus's eyes widened.

"What's that? Are you trying to brazen it out, acting like 'I know that without you having to tell me'? 'I'm aware of my own sins, I'm aware and trying to fix my flaws,' and with that, you intend to wash it all away? Stop messing around. Nobody expects anything from your future deeds. What matters is the past. When you trampled someone down, there was someone licking the soles of your shoes. To that person, it doesn't mean a thing whether you save tens of thousands or hundreds of millions of people who aren't them. You're a sinner, so die right now. Playing the good guy after desiring what belongs to others is really pushing it, you know."

"Talking to you makes me feel as though I am being shown a mirror. So this is what Subaru meant when he said not to listen to you seriously."

"Come to think of it... was the one back there Subaru? That rapist scumbag who stole my bride... Setting that whore aside, I can't let him off either. A guy who snatches what belongs to others needs to receive proper punish--bwuh?!"

　Mid-sentence, Regulus's world flipped upside down.
　Looking up, Reinhard had closed the distance in an instant, grabbed Regulus by his left ankle, and was swinging his body around. Amid the tremendous spinning of his vision, he was slammed back-first into a wall.
　Dust billowed from the impact, and he was swung around further, smashing through the stone buildings.

"I thought touching you directly would be a fairly dangerous gamble, but I'll settle this in one go."

"What, you don't mind people talking about you, but talk about your friend and you get mad? You're smelling more and more like a hypocrite... As someone abnormal yourself, there's no way you have normal friends. How could someone who gets called a rapist be friends with anyone--"

"I'm done dealing with you properly; it is unbearable to hear. --Especially insults directed at my friend."

　The wind fiercely wrapped around their bodies, followed immediately by a sudden feeling of weightlessness.
　Before they knew it, the two figures were high in the night sky, with the full moon shining brightly right beside them. Bathed in the moonlight at a distance that felt within reach, Regulus clicked his tongue.

"Like I said, it's not a matter of power. --Thinking you can win just by slamming me from a high place is way too naive. Are you mocking me, I wonder?"

"If you could be brought down by power, I wouldn't mind trying to throw you into a fissure in the earth... but I'll have you accompany me on something different."

"What...?"

　In mid-air with nothing to step on, Reinhard reversed their positions through sheer body control alone. Regulus, still held by the foot, was caught in the centrifugal force and realized he had been swung up above Reinhard's head. And then, his eyes widened at the sight below.

"Don't tell me..."

"Apparently, this is the first stage. --I hope we won't meet again later."

　A rare piece of sarcasm from Reinhard, but Regulus had no leeway to pay it any mind.
　His raised body was hurled straight downward by the strength of Reinhard's arms alone. Muscular force like a snapping whip hurled Regulus's by no means light body straight down with the momentum of a bullet--before the wind-whipped Regulus, the surface of the canal rushed up.

"Against something like mere water...!"

　Spinning so fast he couldn't tell up from down, Regulus thrust both hands forward to brace for impact with the water. Reinhard in the sky above was defenseless and would eventually fall to the same spot.
　He could intercept him and smash that complacent face to pieces.
　That thought was--

"--Emilia, do it!"

"Ul Huma--!"

　The irritating voices of a boy and a girl reached his ears, matching the irritating pair captured in the corner of his vision.
　A black-haired boy pointing his way, and a silver-haired girl quietly chanting.

　The next instant, icicles fired from directly above Regulus at a speed that overtook his falling body.
　The icicles caught Regulus's limbs and the hem of his tuxedo, accelerating his descent, and the final icicle struck right in the center of his back, freezing his body.

　A total of five icicles bound Regulus's limbs, froze his body to the core, and slammed him down into the canal. The demonic hand of freezing spread onward, and the water flow froze solid centered around Regulus's point of impact--an icy tomb filled the waterway.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"--Operation Pond-Plop, dubbed Operation I, is a complete success."

"It would be nice if this produced an effect, though."

　Beside Subaru, who was gazing at the frozen canal, Reinhard landed, bathed in moonlight.
　Considering he had thrown Regulus from mid-air, it felt like his falling trajectory shouldn't have allowed him to avoid landing in the water, but poking fun at it now would be pointless.
　Kicking the air was hardly something worth being surprised by when Reinhard was the one doing it.

"We bound his limbs, dropped him into the water, and froze it as is, you know? No matter what, it should be impossible for him to surface from this, I suppose..."

　On the other side of Reinhard, Emilia muttered while glaring at the water's surface.
　The plan was formulated by Subaru, and the assist came from Reinhard. But the one who actually drove Regulus into a corner without holding back was Emilia. Even if the opponent was a madman beyond reason, Emilia's expression showed a heavy air of hesitation.

　If everything went smoothly, she would have contributed to creating a drowned corpse.
　It was only natural for Emilia to feel that she might have gone too far.

"------"

　Looking at Emilia from the corner of his eye, Subaru crossed his arms in thought.
　He felt bad for her, but Regulus drowning to death right here was the most desirable outcome. Even if that didn't happen, reducing him to a near-death state would be the next best thing.
　Of course, they had to prepare for the worst-case scenario. For example--

"Reinhard!"

"--ck!"

　--When the surface of the water before their eyes cracked open, and an erupting torrent of water surged toward them.

　Against the surging spray of water, Reinhard instantly grabbed Subaru and Emilia. Wrapping his arms around their waists, he leaped straight backward in a single bound--moving the two away to a spot where the spray couldn't reach, Reinhard narrowed his eyes.

"It seems that didn't settle it."

"Figured. Still, that guy really is crazy dangerous."

　Reinhard's and Subaru's impressions stemmed from different things they were looking at.
　What Reinhard was looking at was the figure standing atop an ice floe drifting on the water's surface. And what Subaru was looking at was the aftermath of the water spray that figure had casually sent flying.

　The scattered spray of water had rained down upon the spot where Subaru and the others had just been standing.
　And the droplets showed no gentleness such as merely wetting the ground; instead, they had gouged the earth up by the roots, carving scars into the ground as if a giant beast had torn chunks out of it.

　Its destructive power was no different from when Regulus threw gravel or sand grains.
　In other words, that attack of Regulus's didn't care whether the weapon was a solid or a liquid.

"...His body isn't frozen anywhere. It's just like back at the chapel."

　Emilia, too, muttered as she looked at Regulus standing atop the ice floe.
　What Subaru had asked of her was to freeze his limbs and torso with magic. Following Subaru's instructions to show no mercy, the icicles had pierced Regulus's limbs and the dead center of his body, accurately gouging into vital spots enough to kill him.
　However, upon hitting the water, the tips of the icicles had not pierced Regulus's body, and the result of merely freezing the surface had already been seen back at the chapel.

　Neither freezing nor magic worked on Regulus.
　Just like slashes and bludgeoning strikes, those too were subject to nullification by him.

"When he nullified 'Wrath's' flames, I faintly suspected as much, but... the basic rule of invincibility powers specializing in either physical or magical attacks is out the window, huh."

"Were you able to confirm what you wanted to check with Operation I?"

"As for that, unless we get a bit closer... !?"

　The moment he responded to Reinhard's words, a change occurred on the water's surface.
　A whirlpool formed in a different part of the water from where it had frozen and cracked. It gradually gained momentum, drawing in the ice floe Regulus was riding. And then,

"A Water Dragon--!"

　Bursting from the center of the whirlpool, a dragon bared its fangs, targeting Regulus on the ice.
　It was a Water Dragon that was supposed to be domesticated, swimming through the canals that crisscrossed the city. A Water Dragon trained not to attack humans opened its jaws, aiming for Regulus's slender waist.
　Perhaps that Water Dragon had also been affected to no small degree by 'Wrath.' A tragedy that shouldn't have occurred--yet, those jaws never closed.

"--ck."

　Subaru's throat choked up unconsciously at the gruesome sight he witnessed.
　Just how should he even describe what had happened in that instant?

　--The moment it bit Regulus, the Water Dragon's jaw shifted out of alignment.

　Like the pieces in a game of daruma otoshi, the Water Dragon's lower jaw was displaced.
　Carried by the momentum of leaping at Regulus, its body slid forward violently as its lower jaw shifted. The body that was supposed to bite into Regulus and return to the canal was split cleanly in two, offset front to back without ever realigning its upper and lower jaws.

　Bisected front to back right down the middle of its jaw, the Water Dragon sprayed fresh blood and sank into the water.
　A beat later, what floated to the surface was the wreckage of what had been a Water Dragon, spilling copious amounts of blood and internal organs. It was an utterly shocking slaughter.

"Lady Emilia. If possible, could you create a spear?"

"...Eh?"

"A spear. An ice spear, if you please."

　Seeing the same thing, Reinhard muttered something to the dazed Emilia. The meaning clicked in her head, and Emilia hastily focused her mana.
　After a few failed attempts at shaping it, Emilia created an ice spear and handed it to Reinhard. Testing the weight of the ice spear in his grip, Reinhard said,

"Pardon me."

　Pulling back the arm holding the ice spear, he hurled it toward Regulus.
　The thrown spear flew straight--however, its sharp point was not aimed at Regulus. Turned completely sideways, it was flying so that the shaft would strike Regulus directly.
　And indeed, the spear collided with Regulus shaft-first, snapped into two pieces, and fell into the canal.

"What was the point of that just now...?"

"I see. ...So that's what it is, Reinhard."

　Watching the fate of the broken spear, Emilia tilted her head. But beside her, Subaru understood the meaning behind Reinhard's action just now and shuddered at the result.
　Reinhard nodded at Subaru's understanding. Then,

"Lady Emilia, did you see what happened to the spear that collided with him?"

"Well, it broke, didn't it? Unlike real ones, ice spears don't bend, so hitting something with that much force would naturally cause it to break in two..."

"No, the spear did not break. The section of the spear that collided was cut out. The part that struck him was gouged out, dividing it. It didn't become two pieces; it became three."

　Reinhard's explanation was the answer to what had happened to both the spear and the Water Dragon.
　For both objects that collided with Regulus's body, the point of contact could not pass through his body and was simply left behind in space. If this were an ordinary wall, the point of impact would either rebound or shatter, but that didn't happen.
　Regulus's physical body was, quite literally, completely rejecting whatever collided with it.

"--Give them an inch, and they take a mile."

　Just as the three of them reached a common understanding, Regulus on the ice suddenly muttered.
　His quiet voice seemed as though he had simply muttered under his breath. Even as he thought that, Subaru felt the strongest chill run down his spine yet.

"You don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it. You people really, really, truly don't get it at all. It's useless. No matter what you do, you have no chance of winning. You can't reach me. No matter how you struggle, it's meaningless. Why on earth can't you understand that? I tell you in words, I show you through actions, you see the results... why can't you get it?"

　Muttering to himself, Regulus leaped from atop the ice floe. Lacking sufficient jumping power, his body fell into the water. For an instant, his figure disappeared. But immediately, his hands gripped the edge of the canal, hauling his body up onto the street. Just like that, he glared over at them.

"--His body isn't wet anywhere. He isn't out of breath. To say nothing of ice shards, there isn't a single drop of blood splatter. His clothes aren't disheveled. Not even water is dripping from him."

　Observing Regulus looking their way, Reinhard spoke quickly so Subaru could hear.
　Taking in those words, Subaru bit back his astonishment and nodded in acknowledgment of his consideration. It seemed safe to say that everything they wanted to observe with Operation I had been confirmed.
　However, the results they had hoped for were zero; it was the worst-case scenario as expected.

"Subaru, my sword."

"O-Oh..."

　At Reinhard's request, Subaru handed over the sword he had been holding onto all this time. As Reinhard checked the feel of his beloved sword, Emilia timidly spoke to his profile.

"Can you draw that sword?"

"No, the hilt remains firm. It seems it has no intention of going easy on me... But it's likely that nothing other than this sword will be able to stand against him."

"What are you gonna do facing him with a sword you can't draw? Beat him with the scabbard?"

"No. But you're not far off."

　Speaking in an easygoing tone, Reinhard stepped forward.
　He took a stance in a position that shielded Subaru and Emilia from Regulus's gaze.

"Subaru, I'd like you to leave stalling for time to me again. Please continue analyzing his Authority."

"Feels like the difficulty just went up another notch, though. But I'll do my best."

"I-I'll do my best too!"

"Then let us all do our best. --Here I go!"

　With that declaration, Reinhard's body flew forward.
　Awaiting him, Regulus assumed a calm posture to meet the attack.

"Hey, weren't you watching? What happened to that lizard, and that spear attack just now... do you lack the imagination for the worst possible outcome?"

"'Searching for small change at your feet and forgetting to look up'--those are the words of my master."

"Is that so."

　Reinhard's strike overlapped with Regulus's bored sigh.
　The sound of something even harder piercing flesh and bone rang out, making Subaru's throat tighten involuntarily. Reinhard gripped the scabbard, bludgeoning Regulus with the guard and the hilt of the sword.

"--Heh, so you do have a plan after all."

　The fact that the sound of a blow had resonated meant a different outcome from the Water Dragon or the ice spear. At the very least, Reinhard's beloved sword hadn't broken upon striking Regulus.
　However, there was no sign of damage getting through to Regulus either. Up until now, even without taking damage, Reinhard's attacks had caused his body to go flying, but even that was completely gone now.

"You may boast about this. You are the second person to make me use the Dragon Sword Reid."

"That sounds like nothing but sarcasm, but you're completely mocking me, aren't you? Using a sword doesn't mean doing *that*, does it? Looking down on someone with those eyes and that mocking voice--anyone can see right through it!"

"That is quite a--ck!"

　Even while drawing Regulus's rage, Reinhard continued to wage ultra-close-quarters combat. Reinhard evaded the madman's reaching fingertips with body control that surpassed his earlier movements.
　Suddenly, his foot stopped. No, it was stopped.

　Losing his balance, Reinhard dropped to his knees on the spot.
　Near his right shin, an explosion occurred, and a massive amount of blood gushed out.

"He got hit?! By what?!"

　Subaru shouted, and Reinhard also furrowed his brows in pain and confusion.
　Neither Subaru from a distance nor Reinhard the victim understood what had happened. The answer was provided by the examiner, along with the explanation of the failed test.

"With those monster-like eyes and movements, you managed to dodge gravel and water spray, didn't you? But isn't that naive? If you intend to fight me seriously, shouldn't you be paying attention to breaths as well? You let out a sigh right there earlier, didn't you?"

"Even breath...?"

　Toward the crouching Reinhard, Regulus's merciless kick closed in.
　If it landed directly, the power would likely tear Reinhard's torso clean off in a single blow. Facing that, Reinhard was unable to take evasive action.
　Instinctively raising the sword in his arms, the jet-black scabbard caught the kick--

"Guh...!"

"Whatever it's made of, what an annoying scabbard. People holding things beyond their station... why do they always want to do things like that? I just can't understand it at all."

　Reinhard's blocking body was blasted away like a rubber ball.
　Unable to kill the momentum of the kick, he tumbled along the street and crashed right into a building on the side with tremendous force. The destruction continued, Reinhard's body tumbling on and on.
　As if in that instant, Reinhard's kicked body had become a cannonball.

"Now then."

"------!"

　Watching Reinhard get blown away, Regulus turned back toward them as if suddenly remembering. Pinned by his gaze, Subaru tensed.
　Beside him, Emilia hastily chanted magic, aligning icicles in mid-air in an instant before slamming them mercilessly against Regulus's entire body.
　However, the outcome was obvious.

"I really hate women who can't take a hint. Disciplining them is such a hassle. Well, most women are slow on the uptake, so you first have to teach them what it means to be in a position to be taught. Once they become obedient, they're not bad, though."

　Brushing off the ice fragments that shattered against his body without flinching, Regulus began walking toward them.

"Emilia! Nothing we do against him right now will work! Until we figure out the trick, nothing we do will reach him!"

"But...!"

"Just listen, for now we run!"

　Pulling on the arm of the reluctant Emilia, Subaru put distance between them and Regulus.
　Subaru thought Regulus would be furious at his action, but--

"Haha, running away? Well, I suppose that's only natural. Given the situation, there's no way you people could match me, and I think you should have understood that much from the moment you picked a fight with me in the first place... but if you want to run, feel free."

　Whatever he was thinking, Regulus was laughing as he watched Subaru and Emilia run.
　However, if he was willing to let them go, they would simply take advantage of it. In any case, they needed time to stop and think, even for a moment--

"--Provided you can actually get away, that is."

　As he spoke, Regulus leaped toward the canal. And what he grabbed and pulled out from the water was half of the Water Dragon that had been split in two.
　Grabbing the tail of that Water Dragon corpse, he turned around with a sinister grin.

"H-Hey, Subaru... I have a reeeally bad feeling about this."

"We're on the same page. Actually, so do I."

　They didn't know specifically what Regulus intended to do.
　However, they also knew clearly that whatever it was, it would bring neither a decent deed nor a decent result.

　Therefore, Subaru and Emilia accelerated their pace even further.
　In the meantime, Regulus looked up toward the sky and leaped with an amused laugh. Stepping onto the roof of the building right next to him, he jumped to the upper floor of the neighboring building, and climbing higher and higher, reached the top of a building as tall as a Time Tower.

　Literally, the distance between them had widened so much that they looked like tiny beans to each other.
　Yet despite opening up that much distance, Subaru could see Regulus's face.

　--He could clearly see the sneering face of that madman with his twisted cheeks.

"Now, try dodging this if you can. --A rain of blood, a gift from me to a whore unfit to be a bride, and the mental rapist who treasures such a woman!"

　Regulus hoisted the half of the Water Dragon in both hands and mercilessly wrung the corpse out.
　The dragon's flesh tore with a wet, ripping sound, and the remaining blood gushed out to its absolute limit as Regulus violently swung the blood-drenched wreckage from the high vantage point.

　Grabbing the tail of the corpse spilling massive amounts of fresh blood, as if snapping a wet towel.
　Swirling it above his head, blood was scattered all around.

　With intense force, enough to reach even Subaru and Emilia running far, far away.
　And the result brought forth by that was--

"--Subaru!!"

"Run, run, run, run, ruuuun--!!"

　The pouring rain of blood turned into destruction trampling the city, and carpet bombing pursued the backs of the two fleeing figures.