Re:Zero EX: "School Re:Zero! 1st Period!"

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

This is an April Fools' Day project.
It is a Re:Zero story transposed into a modern high school setting with a completely IF premise.
Although it is a modern setting, the characters' names, hair colors, and so on are accepted without any sense of incongruity as they are.
Because it follows galge conventions quite heavily, it might rub you the wrong way.
However, nobody becomes unhappy.

With all the above in mind, please read on only if you have a sense of humor, can forgive characters being happy, and still want to read it.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *
　――The beginning always rears its head as an extension of everyday life.


　Awakening was always abrupt, arriving with a sudden impact.

"Come on! It's morning already, so get up, I suppose!"

"Gueh!?"

　There was an impact on his stomach, jerking him right out of sleep.
tNo, in this case, rather than being pulled out, it might be more accurate to say he was violently shoved out.

tAir squeezed out of his lungs, he opened his eyes while groaning in pain.
tAnd there before his eyes was a familiar, cute face.

"...Good morning, my disappointing little sister."

"Good morning, I suppose, my disappointing big brother. It's already late, so if you don't hurry up and get up, you'll be late, I suppose. Then Papa and Mama will scold us too, I suppose."

tWhether she noticed my disgruntled voice or not, the girl on my stomach said as she rolled over.

tShe was a little girl with pale cream-colored hair tied in drill-rolls and doll-like facial features.
tMainly, her reputation in my mind was that she would be truly adorable if she stayed quiet as an ornament, but my assessment was also that she was all the more adorable when moving around and chatting while scattering charm everywhere.

"Truth be told, this is my little sister, Natsuki Beatrice, famous even among the neighbors for looking nothing like me."

"Who are you explaining this to, I suppose? Big bro... Subaru is thoroughly weird, I suppose."

"If you went that far, you might as well have finished saying it. Big brother is lonely because you haven't been calling me 'Big Bro' lately, you know."

"I-If you have time to say stupid things, wake up, I suppose! If you don't hurry, we'll end up bothering those sisters again, I suppose!"

"That'd be bad. Well then, time to change. Beako, strip me."

"Do it yourself, I suppose!"

tA pillow was slammed into my face, and while I grimaced, Beatrice left the room.
    Even toward a heartwarming exchange with her big brother, she had that kind of reaction; perhaps she was entering her rebellious phase. Lately, she didn't take baths with me anymore, and above all, the way she addressed me had changed.

    I feel like an environment where she drops honorifics and calls her big brother directly isn't very good, but my parents are both laissez-faire... or rather, careless, so they display generosity in that area.
    As expected, as her big brother, shouldn't I be the one to give it to her straight?

"Or so I say, as I briskly finish changing and head to the living room."

    Changing into my uniform and slinging a completely empty bag over my shoulder, I headed downstairs.
    The faint aroma of toasted bread drifted over, making it clear that breakfast was already prepared on the dining table.

"Mornin'!"

"Aye-aye, mornin', mornin'."

    Opening the door and entering the dining room, I was greeted with a full smile by a middle-aged man.
    When I responded coldly, the middle-aged man pouted his lips with a dissatisfied look.

"Hey now, that's quite a cold shoulder you're giving me, my son. Why don't you follow our daughter's lead and show a little honesty and kindness?"

"What, did Beako actually go along with Dad's 'mornin''? She's way too kind."

"B-Because if I don't do it, Papa makes a terribly sad face, I suppose. If family discord broke out because of Betty, it would be unbearable, I suppose."

    Despite being in elementary school, my little sister was facing quite a difficult problem.
    Well, Beako's classmate Petra-chan also happens to know surprisingly precocious words, so maybe that kind of feel is standard for modern elementary schoolers.
    Seriously, Japan's acceleration isn't stopping.

"So, what's on the menu this morning?"

"Isn't it obvious? Mayonnaise toast, mayonnaise soup, salad eaten with mayonnaise, and fish simmered in mayonnaise."

    Cracking my neck as I sat on a chair, Mom brought over the toast right on cue. As her "Isn't it obvious?" statement made clear, our family's menu was generally fixed.
    Even if it split between Japanese and Western styles, the main core was mostly identical—namely, mayonnaise.

"Take your My Mayonnaise out of the fridge yourself. And if there's not enough mayonnaise, add more yourself."

"Okaaay. Still, thinking about it again, this is a pretty insane conversation. A household where 'My Mayonnaise' pops up as if it's completely normal has got to be in the minority."

"...Betty thought this was normal, so Petra laughed at her immensely before, and it became a total trauma, I suppose."

    Feeling sympathy for my dark-eyed sister, I fetched everyone's mayonnaise from the fridge.
    Because our whole family consisted of mayonnaise-loving mayonnaise freaks, every single person possessed their own My Mayonnaise. Even as I said all this, I loved mayonnaise too. Beako also had her own firm opinion when it came to mayonnaise.

    With this kind of usual back-and-forth, the morning in the Natsuki household began.
    A four-person family consisting of father, mother, myself, and my little sister. While troubled by the rebellious phase of a sister with quite an age gap, a moderately peaceful and happy everyday life could indeed be called our daily routine.

"—Mm."

    Mayonnaise toast, which was simply toast spread with mayonnaise and baked. As I savored it, the house intercom rang.
    Glancing at the clock, it was right at the time we usually leave the house.

"Whoops, guess we took our time more than expected today."

    I quickly threw the rest of the toast into my mouth and washed it down with mayonnaise soup.
    Shouldering my bag, I stood up, and Beako, who had finished eating, put on her school backpack at the same time.

"...What are you staring at, I suppose?"

"Nah, no matter when I look at you, that randoseru suits you. You're the Best Randoseler."

"E-Even if you praise me like that, you won't get anything out of it, I suppose!"

    Patting the head of a blushing Beatrice, I headed toward the entryway together with her.
    Behind us, Dad and Mom were flirting or something, so I quietly conveyed my "I'm off" and hurriedly departed.

    Switching into my shoes and stepping outside,

"—Good morning, Subaru-kun."

    The one who greeted me was a girl swaying blue shoulder-length hair—my childhood friend, Rem.
    Rem greeted me today as well with a flower-like smile and a lively voice. Her navy-blue blazer and short skirt were vibrant, feeling fresh every time we met.

    In truth, even though we were childhood friends, living a life where she came to pick me up every morning like this made me anxious that someone might stab me one day.
    Well, if you ask whether I'd stop because of that anxiety, I wouldn't really stop.

"Is something wrong, staring at Rem's face like that?"

"Nah, it's nothing. Good morning."

"Yes, good morning."

    Unable to say I was absentmindedly entranced, I glossed over it casually, and Rem didn't mind.
    Ever since long ago, she was a childhood friend who didn't pry deeply into complicated things. That was immensely helpful.

"Good morning to Beatrice-chan too."

"Good morning, I suppose. ...Every single day, you sure go through a lot of trouble for Subaru's sake, I suppose. The younger of those sisters is truly an oddball, I suppose."

"In that case, wouldn't that make Beatrice-chan an oddball as well?"

"Why would Betty be an oddball, I suppose!"

    Leaving me aside, Beako was being teased to Rem's heart's content.
    Rem, my childhood friend, was naturally a neighborhood older-sister figure with whom Beatrice had a long acquaintance as well. Rem doted on her almost like a substitute sister, but Beako, perhaps due to her age, couldn't bring herself to admit it honestly.
    Good grief, what a troublesome age.

"Speaking of older sisters and younger sisters, is your sister not with you today?"

"If you mean Sister, she's at Roswaal-san's place this morning. Apparently he'll be leaving home this afternoon for a research trip, so she volunteered to clean his house while he's away."

"Devoted as always, huh... Knowing Ram as I do, I have mixed feelings."

    The Ram mentioned in the conversation was the twin older sister of Rem right here.
    Unlike Rem, who was gentle and brimming with compassion, Ram was strict and had a narrow range of compassion. Their appearances were identical, but in personality, you could say there was a difference between soft and hard.

    Lately, that Ram seemed to be smitten with some famous novelist she happened to meet. She was aggressively making moves, and from the sound of things just now, she even seemed to have been given a spare key.
    The vivid romantic topics of a classmate—and one I knew well at that—felt somehow painful.
    Whether Rem didn't care or didn't understand, she was tilting her head with an indifferent expression, so I decided not to push deeper into the subject either.

"Look, how long are you going to dilly-dally talking in front of the house, I suppose? Hurry up and go to school, I suppose."

"Oh, got it, got it. Well then, shall we head off?"

"Yes, moving forward."

    Slinging my bag over my shoulder, the three of us started walking side-by-side.
    With Beatrice in the middle and me walking on the street side, a trio side-by-side. On days when Ram wasn't around, going to school in this arrangement was generally second nature.

"Come to think of it, according to the morning horoscope, Subaru-kun was the luckiest today."

"Seriously? I see, so something good's gonna happen. We don't watch TV in the morning at my house."

"It said you will have a very wonderful encounter. The first girl you meet today will be your destined partner."

"The first girl Subaru met today should be Betty, I suppose!"

"I was mistaken. The *third* girl you meet today was the destined partner."

"Was the fortune really that specific!?"

    If it's the third, who would it be? Can Mom really be included in the "girl" category? If she can be included, that would make Rem the third, but in the first place, does an established acquaintance fit the ring of an "encounter"?
    To begin with, including my little sister and Mom in the "girl" category feels a bit subtle.

"My, we meet at quite an opportune moment."

"Whoops, good morning, Echidna-san."

    As I walked while tilting my head, the person who called out to us was a familiar woman.
    A beauty with pale skin, white hair, and a black outfit resembling mourning clothes. Living in a mansion halfway along the school route, a somewhat complicated family consisting only of sisters. The eldest daughter there... no, was she the third daughter?
    It was the college student, Echidna-san.

"An opportune moment? Did something happen?"

"Rather than something having happened, it would be more accurate to say someone went missing. As you know, my indolent older sister has vanished. I was just looking around to see if she went for a walk and collapsed somewhere. You didn't happen to see her along the way, did you?"

"You mean Sekhmet-san, right? Rem hasn't seen her. Neither has Subaru-kun, right?"

"Haven't seen her today. Last time, she went to take out the trash and ended up sleeping at the garbage dump, didn't she? The guy driving the garbage truck said it was a feast for the eyes..."

    Sekhmet-san, the eldest daughter of Echidna-san's household, was famous for being a beauty but a bit of a slacker. Since she had a habit of wandering around dressed in almost nothing but undergarments, she was a welcome existence for a teenage guy, but rather than a sexy older lady, she radiated a strong aura of a disappointing beauty who needed to be dealt with somehow, making her a bit of a waste.

"Well, putting that aside..."

"Hmm, what is it? Staring at me like that, is something strange?"

    Resting my chin on my hand, I stared intently at Echidna-san. A beauty.
    Incidentally, if I adopt the system of not counting Mom, Echidna-san here would be the third girl I saw today, but could this be the destined encounter?

"Being stared at so much by a boy makes me embarrassed. I am a woman after all... Besides, I didn't dress up much today. I only came out to look for my sister."

"That's right, you mustn't, Subaru-kun. Echidna-san is getting flustered. Rem thinks you should calm down more and consider who the third person actually was. It's Rem."

"Your desire is leaking right out, I suppose. But you'd better stay away from this woman, Subaru, I suppose."

"What in the world is with you two and your hardline attitude?"

    Even Echidna-san was probably joking, but my childhood friend and little sister pulling on my arms were way too serious, which was a bit scary.
    The results of a fortune probably don't have much credibility anyway, but girls really love that kind of stuff, don't they?

"Echidna! Sister wasn't at the garbage dump after all!"

    Just then, a new participant appeared.
    Running up at tremendous speed was a loli with a dangerously bouncing bust.
    The blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty was the second daughter among the same sisters as Echidna-san—

"Minerva-san, 'sup."

"Mmu! Ah, if it isn't Rem, Beatrice, and Natsuki. What's wrong, meeting in a place like this?"

    Stopping her feet with enough momentum to gouge the ground, Minerva-san's face lit up brightly.
    Yet another beauty. Without thinking, I took Minerva-san's hand, and—

"Excluding my mom and my sister, Minerva-san is the third... In other words, my destined encounter is with you, Minerva-san!"

"Fue!?"

    Grasping her soft, slender hand tightly, Minerva-san looked back and forth between my face and our joined hands. Looking back and forth, her face rapidly turned red. Completely bright red.
    Her mouth began to tremble incoherently,

"B-But I'm just helping out at home!"

"Don't worry, I'll provide for you."

"B-Besides, I'm clumsy!"

"Don't worry, I can love even that way of living."

"B-But I have to fight for world peace!"

"Don't worry, you *are* my world."

"~~~!"

    Turning red like a boiled octopus, Minerva-san began stamping her feet.
    Oh man, this person is seriously cute. Maybe I teased her a bit too much.
    The scary thing was that if I pushed all the way, I might actually be able to make her my wife, but despite being so cute, had no one ever properly courted her up to this age?

"Sister, calm down. It's just Natsuki-kun's usual prank."

"...Huh? Is that so?"

"To agree with 'Is that so' would be far too much of a piece of shit as a man, so it's true... Ow, ow, ow, Rem-san, your heel is sinking into my toes a bit, sinking in!"

    Rem stepped down on my foot with a smile, and I had no choice but to raise the white flag.
    Watching that, Minerva-san placed her hand on her large chest and let out a deep sigh.

"R-Right. Ahh, that startled me! I was so surprised I feel like my chest shrank a bit!"

"That's a loss for humanity!"

"Shut up! You idiot!"

    Minerva-san nudged me as I trembled in shock, but even though she punched me with considerable force, for some reason it felt good. Mysterious.

"At any rate, if we haven't seen her, we haven't seen her, I suppose. That's the end of this conversation, I suppose."

"My, I seem to be disliked. It appears she is quite displeased at having her big brother taken away."

"It's nothing like that, I suppose! Geez, this is why I hate this, I suppose!"

    Whether she hated losing precious morning time, Beako puffed out her cheeks in a huff.
    Even so, just as Beako said, there didn't seem to be anything in particular we could do to help Echidna-san and her sister. Since school starting time was approaching, it was about time to take our leave.

"Sorry we couldn't be of much help."

"No, youth should prioritize their studies. It was our family's problem from the beginning, after all."

"That sounds somewhat like an old person's opinion, I suppose."

"It's a condescending remark coming from the position of a university student with a great abundance of spare time."

"I'm also helping at home, so I have all the time in the world!"

"Though Sister doesn't help much with the housework either."

"Then she's just like Rem's sister."

"Is that really on the same wavelength, I wonder?"

    It felt a bit unsatisfying, but we promised to let them know if we saw Sekhmet-san along the way, and parted ways with the two.
    Watching Minerva-san running off and Echidna-san walking slowly, I felt they were sisters with completely unalike personalities. Well, both were beauties, though.

"Subaru-kun, Subaru-kun."

"Yes, yes, what is it, Rem-san?"

"About the morning fortune, Rem thinks the destined partner was really a girl with a two-letter name starting with 'Re' and ending with 'mu'."

"Was the fortune really that specific!?"


△▼△▼△▼


"Ah, Beatrice-chan~!"

"Petra, I suppose."

    Parting with Echidna-san and the other, we walked leisurely until reaching a fork in the school path.
    Here was where we parted with Beako, who was heading to the elementary school. Waiting at the fork was a cute girl with reddish chestnut hair and round eyes.
    It was Beako's friend and classmate, Petra-chan.

"Subaru-onii-san, Rem-onnee-san, good morning."

    Bowing her head politely to both me and Rem, she was a well-mannered girl.
    In terms of cuteness, our Beako didn't lose out, but in terms of charm, the win went to Petra-chan. Well, Beako was also cute when you got close and saw her true self.

"Mmu, do you have something you want to say, I suppose? Try saying it, I suppose."

"Your good points, Big Bro here knows them very well."

"What do you mean 'only', I suppose! They aren't hidden! They're overflowing, I suppose!"

    She protested while swinging her drill-rolls back and forth, so I patted her head while comforting her with "I know, I know." However, she seemed to get even madder, proving that girls around this age are truly difficult.

"It's okay, Subaru-onii-san. I know plenty of Beatrice-chan's good points too."

"I see, Petra-chan is reliable. Please take good care of Beako at school too."

"Yes, leave it to me! ...Um, Subaru-onii-san, what about my good points? Do you know them?"

"Well of course. Petra-chan is considerate, polite, compassionate, stays friends with Beako, and above all, a beautiful girl with a promising future."

"E-Ehehe~"

    Naturally offering her head, I was coaxed into naturally patting Petra-chan too.
    Patting someone else's child isn't considered very acceptable in today's world, but Petra-chan possessed a power that naturally compelled me to do so.
    I feel like every time we meet, I'm made to pat her head. If this was calculated, it'd be amazing. Well, no way that's the case.

"Mmuu—"
"Boo, I suppose."

"So, why are you two sulking?"

"It's nothing in particular."
"There's nothing to mind, I suppose."

    Having both of them turn their faces away with a huff, I threw my hands up in defeat.
    When girls say "It's nothing" or "Don't mind it," there's definitely something wrong and you definitely have to mind it, but this time I had no clue.

"Petra-chan, do you know?"

"I'm a kid so I don't know."

    Guess that's fair.
    Just as I accepted that, Petra-chan escaped from under my palm. Taking the hands of the sulking Beako just like that, she bowed politely to me and Rem.

"Well, we should be going now. Typhon-chan is on day duty today, so if we don't hurry over, the classroom will get completely wrecked."

"What kind of situation is a day duty student wrecking the classroom!?"

"That's Typhon's charm, I suppose. —Honestly, we're off now, I suppose!"

    Pulled by the hand by Petra-chan, Beatrice said so as if she had no choice.
    Watching the two elementary schoolers run off like that, Rem and I waved goodbye.

"Well then, shall we head to school too?"

"Does Subaru-kun properly know Rem's good points?"

"Cute."

"...If you think you can always gloss over it with that, you are big-time mistaken."

    Even so, the displeasure vanished from her voice, so it seemed I was forgiven.
    In truth, I ought to ponder it more seriously, but since I'd been forgiven using this method for a long time, it was also true that I was taking advantage of it.

"Is the Captain spoilin' Rem again~?"

"Aaah, Gaf-Gaf, really~. Daphne told you we should just watch them from here~."

    Voices like those were heard right before I pulled the head-lowered Rem along to walk.
    Looking back, two small shadows were leaning out from a utility pole in the middle of the fork in the road. One was a boy in a school uniform, and the other was a girl in a sailor uniform.

    Both were familiar faces—or rather, deeply familiar faces.

"Garfiel and Daphne, huh. What's the middle-schooler combo up to?"

"Ain't it this body's damn business where we do what~? If anything, the Captain's the one makin' girls cry as usual. Right, Daphne?"

"Gaf-Gaf was just ambushing Ram-Ram here like always~. Daphne didn't wanna get dragged into looking for Met-Met, so Daphne was just playing with Gaf-Gaf~."

"You, Daphne!?"

    The boy, Garfiel, who had a composed face, was instantly sold out by the girl, Daphne.
    Garfiel's smirking expression flipped to panic, and it was my turn to wear a composed look.

"Heh, ho, hmmm. Or rather, you're the one doing things as usual. Returning those words right back at you, shouldn't you give up already? Ram's totally head-over-heels for that novelist, you know?"

"Th-That's my own damn business! Besides, if I become a novelist too, we'll be on equal footin'!"

"I want to praise the decisiveness of setting your future for the sake of the girl you fell for, but..."

    While Garfiel pumped himself up, Subaru agonized over whether he should convey the cruel truth.
    On top of worrying whether Garfiel's brain could write a novel, Ram wasn't the type to choose someone based on their occupation in the first place.

"Well, Daphne feels like Gaf-Gaf's brain can't write a novel~, and besides~, it's not like Ram-Ram likes the occupation of novelist itself~."

"Thanks for bluntly saying everything that was hard for me to say."

    Though Subaru's spirits sank as his plan to be considerate was completely crushed, it was better than Garfiel, who had collapsed to his knees. However, Garfiel was a man of sheer grit. Even with his heart nearly broken, he tried to stand up with indomitable fighting spirit.

"Garfiel, you okay? The wound is shallow."

"Heh, thanks, Captain. But y'know, this body won't lose. ...Come to think of it, Ram ain't with ya today, huh."

"If you mean Sister, she's at Roswaal-san's place this morning. She went to get a spare key because she was entrusted with taking care of the house while he's away."

"Guhah!"

"G-Garfiel—!!"

    Rem's harmless words pierced through, sending Garfiel collapsing.
    Even for Subaru with his friend filter, it was rough, but for Garfiel through his crush filter, the ring of "spare key" dealt far too much damage.
    No words of comfort even came to mind anymore.

"Including his pathetic parts~, this is just how Gaf-Gaf is~. Ah, Subarun and the others can go on ahead~. Daphne will take care of the rest~."

    Smiling with a charm unusually sultry for a middle schooler, Daphne grabbed both legs of the collapsed Garfiel. As she started walking while dragging him along, Subaru naturally reached out a hand to stop her, but—

"Don't worry~. Gaf-Gaf is spoiled at his core~, so if you treat him nicely he'll only get weaker~. Besides, besides~, once we get to school, there are plenty of kids like Mimi-n who won't leave him alone~, so it's fine for him to be a little depressed~."

"I-Is that how it works?"

"Yes, please don't worry~. Well then~, see ya later~."

    Tilting her head slightly with a smile, Daphne dragged Garfiel away.
    Now that things had reached this point, stopping her would be tacky. The middle schoolers had their own story, and for us to butt in would be somewhat improper.

"If I don't convince myself of it like that, the darkness is way too deep."

"To captivate such a helpless middle schooler... Sister is truly remarkable!"

"I can't honestly agree with that!"

    (Ah, by the way, Daphne is the fifth daughter of the sisters, with Sekhmet as the eldest. Just so you know.)
    Still, today's morning sure has been packed with events.


△▼△▼△▼


    After parting with the middle schooler combo, without any issues, Rem and I arrived at Lugunica Academy.
    Lugunica Academy was a school where old-fashioned tradition remained, but as a result of trying to incorporate recent changes of the times, it gave the impression of various parts being a mess.

    For me, who enrolled simply because it was close to home, the school culture allowed a decent amount of freedom, making it quite easy to live in.

"Ah, Subaru-kun. It looks like they are doing a belongings inspection at the school gate this morning."

"Which means the Student Council, huh. Thanks for their hard work pulling an unannounced check from morning."

    Rem, who had good eyesight, said as she looked at the main gate crowded with commuting students.
    As we approached, that scene came into my view as well. At Lugunica Academy, morning events like belongings inspections or greeting weeks were fairly rare.
    That was, until the Student Council achieved its current sharp cohesion. And at the core of that sharp Student Council was the heroine spearheading the belongings inspection.

"Natsuki Subaru and Rem. A fine morning."

"’Sup, Student Council President."

"Good morning, Crusch-san."

    Dressed smartly in a navy blazer without a crease out of place and standing straight-backed was the Student Council President, Crusch Karsten.
    Her long green hair and dignified facial features were characteristic, and despite wearing female attire, a masculinity seeped out from her posture. Still, the parts that stuck out stuck out properly, revealing her femininity, so calling it samurai-like rather than masculine was more accurate.

"As you can see, we are conducting a belongings inspection this morning. I would like you two to cooperate."

"Sure, feel free to check as much as you want. My bag's empty, after all."

"Proclaiming that proudly is hardly proper, but I see, you've scored a point against me. Amusing."

"Uh, I'd appreciate it if you didn't light a fire of rivalry over this, though?"

    Receiving the flat bag and quickly checking its contents, Crusch shook her head. Even her smile, faintly loosening the corner of her lips, was handsome—truly Takarazuka material.

"Alrighty~! Then Ferri-chan will check Rem-chan's bag! A girl's bag has to be handled delicately, after all~"

    And popping out suddenly from the side was Crusch's partner, Ferris.
    Ferris checked Rem's belongings while swaying the already familiar cat-ear headband and the hem of a skirt shortened to the absolute limit.
    He was an existence that actually broke the concept of girls being handled by girls.
    Why, you ask? Because this guy—

"No matter how much better a girl's uniform suits you than ordinary girls, doesn't a guy checking girls' belongings raise complaints?"

"No issue. It is a well-known fact that Ferris's girl power is higher than average girls. There is almost no difference between the number of boys handing their belongings to me and girls handing their belongings to Ferris."

"Putting the girls aside, the boys just have that kind of fetish... I'm not like that, but I hate feeling like I'm lumped in with them!"

    Given that I had naturally handed my bag to Crusch, I became anxious about how I was viewed by those around us.
    Beside me, Ferris was checking Rem's luggage item by item.

"Arare~? What's with this manly-looking pencil case?"

"It's a spare for when Subaru-kun forgets his writing utensils."

"Then, what's with this totally un-cute type of notebook-nyan?"

"That's Subaru-kun's assignment that Rem completed by mimicking his handwriting."

"Mmu-mmu, then what about this bento?"

"That's something I secretly prepared for lunch in case Subaru-kun despairs after failing to buy anything at the store."

"Alright, let me give Subaru-kyun punishment duty!"

"I don't get it at all!"

    Well, I did get it. I understood the sentiment!

    Stepping away from Ferris who made a heartless decision, I closed in on Rem and shook her shoulders.

"Rem, I always tell you, right? You don't have to worry about me like that!"

"I'm sorry. Rem intends to be careful too. Rem really does, but when Rem thinks Subaru-kun might fail at something and cry, Rem can't sit still and ends up setting up a complete support system."

"I'm happy about the sentiment, but I won't cry over forgetting a mechanical pencil, not doing homework, or missing lunch!?"

    I shouldn't have cried over such childish reasons, but in Rem's mind, just how much of a kid was I still?
    At one point, rumors that Rem was my caretaker circulated in class, but suspicions that I relied on her to an undeniable level arose inside me.

"My, my, youth is wonderful-nyan, Crusch-sama."

"Indeed. Ferris and I also make each other's lunches. I don't think it's anything to be ashamed of, but if you dislike being endlessly cared for, you should express gratitude once in a while."

"In today's bento, I put Crusch-sama's favorite tamagoyaki. The sweet kind."

"I also put your favorite tamagoyaki today. The salty kind."

    Leaving aside the flirting Student Council President and Vice President, Subaru retrieved only the bento from Rem's belongings. Wrapped in blue cloth, it was a size larger than Rem's own bento and felt quite heavy.

"Geez, in the first place, what were you going to do with this if I didn't eat it?"

"Rem thought it would be just right for Sister and Rem to share tonight."

"Don't make me imagine such a lonely dinner table, just say it straight. ...I'll gratefully eat this for lunch. Show me the homework later too."

"Yes, Rem looks forward to lunchtime."

    Stuffing the bento box into the returned bag, I prepared to head toward the school building with Rem, who had cleared the check. However, before doing so, the side grew unusually noisy.
    Over there, a belongings inspection by the Student Council was also taking place, but—

"I'm sayin'! Why're ya like this? Can ya stop makin' me repeat the same thing over 'n' over? I don't think I'm askin' for anything that hard, ya know?"

"This one intends to speak in words even you can comprehend. To disregard the main point and cause a scene out of selfishness—that is entirely your doing. Truly, the height of foolishness."

"D'ya think usin' grand words makes ya grand? Don't ya think stuff like that's embarrassing once ya become a high schooler? It's painful to watch!"

"To have my manner of speech pointed out by a creature of vulgar tone is infuriating in the extreme. Even with this one's generosity, it is not something easily forgiven."

    At the heated argument between the two girls, an ominous aura spread in front of the main gate.
    Directing hostility at each other were two girls with striking appearances.

    One was a young beauty with soft purple hair, looking youthful enough to be mistaken for a middle school student.
    The other was a beauty with orange hair, boasting a figure that rivaled adults and exuding a level of allure unattainable by high schoolers.

    The Kansai-dialect speaker was Anastasia of the Student Council, and the courtesan-toned girl was the troublemaker Priscilla.
    Occupying the positions of Student Council Treasurer and the Chairman's granddaughter respectively, they were two who bickered whenever something came up.

"It's those two again, isn't it?"

    Even Rem, watching the commotion, sighed as she spoke—a familiar back-and-forth.
    Within the school, the incompatibility of those two was famous, and instances of the strong-willed Anastasia clashing with Priscilla, who tried to push her way through regardless of whom or what, were often spotted.

    Today, without a doubt, Priscilla in her customized uniform had broken school rules at will.
    Well, from dress code to everything else, Priscilla's stance was that she had no intention of abiding by them. Ignoring the customization, just showing up to school wearing the uniform at all was practically a blessing.

"Still, she's about the only one who can make that money-grubbing Treasurer this mad."

"I would appreciate it if you refrained from using names that dishonor Ana's reputation."

"Geh."

    From behind us as we watched the scene from a distance, a snobbish voice sounded, giving me goosebumps. Turning around, I saw a guy looking down at me from right behind.
    A handsome face, the picture of a smooth operator among smooth operators. Naturally, this guy was also involved with the Student Council.

"Julius-senpai, 'sup."

"I believe there is no reason for a classmate like you to call me 'senpai.' Furthermore, I would like you to retract that slander against Ana just now. Ana simply has a slightly strong attachment to money and works hard."

"I think that's a blind opinion, though."

    Brushing back his bangs, Julius was the guy handling the Student Council Secretary position or something. A fan of Anastasia as you could hear, he was often seen acting together with her.

"Is your work done? If you're slacking, I'll tell Crusch."

"Unfortunately, it is properly finished. Many female students came my way, so it took a little time... but everyone was cooperative."

"Is that so. Ah, is that so."

    Given a smile bright enough to flash white teeth, I grimaced with all my might.
    Could girls not see that shady vibe? No, few guys spoke ill of Julius either, so I was surely the only one who noticed his true nature.
    Tch, a person who realizes the truth is always lonely.

"Why are those two arguing today?"

"There was an argument over attire, but the main issue is the luggage. Rather than the contents, it seems she tried to head to class while having her attendant Al-san carry her bag."

"Al-san, you mean that masked guy?"

    Beside Anastasia and Priscilla who were bickering, a man was flustered.
    He wasn't very tall, but his build was solid. His age seemed about equal to my dad's, but without seeing his face, I couldn't be sure.
    Why couldn't his face be seen? Because Al-san hid his face with a mask.
    Rumors speculated he suffered burns or had scars, but I preferred the theory that Priscilla made him wear it on a whim.

    Because the mask changed daily, and he seemed to have a personality unrelated to such tragic sentiments.
    By the way, Al-san had quite a heavy backstory involving a prosthetic left arm, but thanks to Priscilla's family power or something, it was quite high-tech. Once before, he opened a can of peaches with a can-opener function. It's like a Swiss Army knife prosthetic.

"How many times do I gotta tell ya that outsiders aren't allowed inside? Every time I find a grown adult on campus 'n' have to lecture 'em, my heart gets all worn down, ya know?"

"That is entirely your own problem. If you dislike it, simply ignore Al when you find him. In any case, he would never step foot on campus for any reason other than running errands for this one. Besides, without him, wouldn't this one have to carry her luggage herself? This one cannot possibly hold anything heavier than chopsticks."

"It's empty anyway, so it ain't much different from holdin' chopsticks!"

    At Priscilla's relentless reply, Anastasia's irritation visibly grew.
    At this rate, a catfight could break out, but if one did, the one who'd suffer would be Anastasia.

    With Priscilla's unusually good athletic reflexes, she might even be provoking her intentionally to aim for that. Or maybe not. Probably not. That's just her natural self.

"Any further and Ana will be at a disadvantage. It cannot be helped; I shall stop them shortly."

"Do that, do that. If a catfight breaks out and Elsa-sensei, the school nurse, comes out, things could get insanely bothersome."

    Renowned for her sexy looks and erotic speech and behavior, Elsa-sensei often stepped in to suppress these kinds of commotions, claiming her old blood boiled.
    Students who were suppressed and dragged into the infirmary were confirmed to emerge quiet as different people, no matter how rowdy they had been. Because they adamantly refused to answer questions about what happened, rumors of "Bowel Practicum of Terror and Despair" circulated behind the scenes.

"Either way, it's almost time for class to start. Natsuki Subaru and Rem, go ahead to the classroom. We'll manage the rest somehow."

"Yikes, drawing the short straw-nyan~"

"Willingly drawing the school's short straw—that is our job."

    We watched the three Student Council members head toward the noisy scene.
    If those three joined the fray, well, even Priscilla would surely give up seeing the bad odds.

"We lingered too long. I'm already exhausted, so let me head to class quickly."

"There's been a lot going on since this morning, hasn't there?"

"Seriously. I really think that's the end of it, though."

    Did a statement like that become a flag?
    I said it with quite a genuine wish, but God seemed to really dislike things going according to script.
    Changing shoes at the shoe locker, it was time to head straight to the classroom.

"—Hey, Subaru! Receive!"

"Huh?"

    Hearing noisy footsteps and an order like that from down the hallway, I reacted involuntarily. I dropped my hips low on the spot, assuming a volleyball receive posture with both hands out in front.
    Then, a small foot landed on top of my prepared hands,

"Blue Mountain Receive!"

"Fungah!"

    Along with the special move chant, I bounced the weight riding on me straight upward.
    A light body flew up—not quite as high as a volleyball, but onto the shoe locker right behind me. Turning around to see what was going on,

"Ssh!"

    A finger was pressed to her lips, sending a gesture telling me to stay quiet.
    What in the world was happening? While Rem and I blinked our eyes in confusion,

"—Perfect timing. Subaru, Rem-san."

    Likewise from down the hallway, a handsome guy with a refreshing smile came running up.
    With burning red hair and sky-blue eyes—or rather, a perfect existence constructed entirely from striking features: Reinhard.

    Reinhard, who enjoyed overwhelming support from underclassmen, upperclassmen, off-campus girls, and local shopping district ladies, approached us with a troubled face.

"'Sup, what's wrong?"

"It's nothing major. But you haven't seen Felt around, have you?"

"Felt-chan? Um..."

    Rem turned a troubled gaze toward Subaru, and Subaru grasped the general situation. Thinking for a moment about what to do, he exhaled a helpless breath.

"Nah, haven't seen her yet this morning. Did you have business with her?"

"Not business as such. I just saw her and thought I'd greet her, then invite her to have lunch together... but the moment our eyes met, she ran away."

"Felt is as usual, and you never learn, do you?"

    As a fellow guy, there were parts of Reinhard's attentiveness I wanted to learn from, but setting that aside, doubts about why it had to be Felt inevitably sprouted.
    Surely a handsome guy like Reinhard wouldn't be short of options, even if saying he had his pick of the lot was an exaggeration.

"I don't think asking why really leads anywhere. Isn't that just how things are? Don't you think so, Subaru? Rem-san?"

"I wonder..."

"Rem thinks so! That's why Rem supports you!"

"Thank you, Rem-san."

    Contrary to my thoughts, Rem was oddly sympathetic to Reinhard.
    Receiving that happily, Reinhard straightened his uniform collar.

"Well then, guess I'll look around a bit more."

"She'll return to class anyway, so why not ambush her? The first bell's ringing soon too."

"Giving up after starting to look just doesn't suit me. I'd like to at least get a greeting in smoothly, though."

    With a "See you," Reinhard raised a hand and departed refreshingly.
    Even though he looked like he was merely walking, for some reason he vanished down the hallway faster than walking speed—a mystery of this world.

    Now then, confirming that Reinhard was out of sight, I knocked on the shoe locker behind me alongside a sigh.

"Hey, he's gone. Come on down."

"Alrighty, saved my skin~"

    A sound of landing lightly on the floor came from behind, accompanied by a tomboyish female voice.
    Blonde hair, short stature, red eyes, and a snaggletooth as her charm point—a girl named Felt. Reinhard's sought person and the luckiest girl in the whole school... though in her mind, "unwilling" was attached.

"Don't be so cold to him, isn't it pitiful?"

"Listen here, the pitiful one is me, ain't it? Why do I gotta get chased around by that guy on purpose? I'm the victim!"

"Reinhard-san is so passionate, yet Felt-chan dislikes it?"

"Of course I dislike it! Besides, gettin' tossed around by a misunderstanding ain't fun either. He just spotted someone a bit novel and got into a weird mood. It's the same feeling as discovering a rare beast in an unexplored region! Give me a break!"

    It was a cold, brutal opinion against Reinhard, the idol of all girls in school.
    Felt was speeding down a shojo-manga-like Cinderella story, but unlike those around her, the perspective of the party involved was cool to the extreme.

    As Reinhard's friend, I sympathized with how harshly he was described, but—

"In a way, Felt's attitude is justified, so this is tricky."

    Having only received advances until now, Reinhard's approach when making advances himself was clumsy in its own right. Because of that, Felt had parts where she looked at him with suspicion, making this misaligned perception truly frustrating to watch.

"Well, people surprisingly can't see themselves clearly."

"Yes, that's right. It truly is. Rem thinks so indeed. Completely so."

"Rem-san? Why are you leaning in so hard? Did I say something weird?"

"No, it's nothing. But Rem's mood has been spoiled."

"Ehhhh."

    With an attitude refusing my complaint, Rem turned her face away with a huff.
    As I wrestled with this newly surfaced discord, Felt, who was dusting off her skirt, stretched on the spot with an "Nnn—!"

"Well then, I'm gonna run around till the last second again. If I go back to class after the bell rings, he won't be able to mess with me weirdly."

"That's only until the next seat shuffle, though. I feel like Reinhard would draw a seat right in front, behind, or next to you out of sheer tenacity."

"Stop it! Don't ruin my peaceful school life..."

    A pale-faced Felt fled in the opposite direction from where Reinhard departed.
    She'd be found two minutes later, and a fierce battle of speed would unfold again inside the school, but well, that's another story.

"This time there really shouldn't be anything else, right? At this rate I'll use up my daily energy."

"Indeed. Surely nothing else will happen now."

    Rem's agreement blended into my wish, submitting our hope to God.
    And so, finally, a peaceful day—

"Did you hear, Natsuki-san? Word has it a transfer student is coming!"

"Read the room, you idiot!!"

"Why am I getting yelled at out of nowhere the moment we meet!?"

    The moment we arrived at the classroom, a statement totally failing to read the room burst out, causing me to yell.
    The recipient of the yell was Otto, a classmate sitting behind me. Today, his face looked as unfortunate as ever, but touching my nerve right off the bat made him unfortunate indeed.

    Hanging my bag on the desk, I slumped into my seat and vented to Otto.

"Listen here, I'm good on transfer students and events like that. I'm already exhausted from various things happening today. You get that, right? So none of that today."

"Saying 'none today' isn't going to send a transfer student home over your exhaustion, Natsuki-san! Or rather, being so limp from the morning sounds super loaded, what happened?"

"There are too many cast members to process. By now, nobody remembers my sister's name, right?"

"If you say things like that, Beatrice-chan will cry, you know!?"

    Regrettably, Beako didn't have a cute enough personality to cry over this... Wait, she might cry. She unexpectedly has weak spots.
    No, no, Beako will cry. You can't beat a crying child or a crying Beako.

"Can't be helped. For Beako's sake, I'll forgive your outrage."

"Yes, thank you very... Wait, that's strange."

"So, what kind of story did the strange Otto-kun bring us?"

"No, the strange one isn't me... No, never mind."

    Rem, sitting to Subaru's right, joined the conversation, and Otto finally gave up arguing. Scratching his head, Otto whispered softly,

"Like I said, a transfer student. I happened to overhear it when I stopped by the faculty room for an errand, and apparently they're coming to our class."

"It's a bit late, but your galge best-friend-position moves are amazing. While you're at it, could you tell me my affection rating among the girls in class?"

"Rem-san is way ahead, and as for the rest, they mostly just think you have mean eyes."

"Hey, is that for real? Hey, for real? A joke? Which one? Hey, for real?"

    If my childhood friend Rem was at the top with her bonus, the possibility of a shy girl in class who liked me but couldn't confess seemed to have vanished.

"A transfer student? How rare. Was it a boy or a girl?"

"Unfortunately, I couldn't learn things down to that detail."

"...Hah. Is that so."

"That sigh just now hurts way more than blatant bad-mouthing, you know!?"

    Otto had established his position as the class punching bag. Today as well, a sharp scream went up, and Rem nodded with satisfaction.
    And while doing so, the preliminary bell rang, and students began returning to class one after another.

    The Student Council members who checked belongings at the gate—Crusch, Ferris, Julius, and Anastasia—took their seats, followed by Priscilla arriving grandly. Behind Priscilla was her luggage bearer Al-san, who placed her bag on her desk and beat a quick retreat.
    Turning my gaze back, Ram, who had arrived without anyone noticing, sat in front of Rem. As she gave a V-sign to Rem who called out to her, her meeting with Roswaal-san or whoever seemed to have gone well.

    Then, right before the bell finished ringing, Reinhard returned, and right as it finished, Felt came rushing back in a hurry.
    Seeing the smile from the seated Reinhard, Felt stuck out her tongue.

    With that, everyone in class was present. The open seat was at the very back, on the far edge. In a spot where nobody should have been until now, an empty desk had been brought in unnoticed.
    In other words, that was the position of the transfer student Otto caught wind of.

"You built up suspense, but seeing that makes it easy to imagine."

"Natsuki-san, do you hold some grudge against me..."

"Ah, Frederica-sensei is here."

    There was a sign of Otto feeling dissatisfied over having his material ruined, but ignoring it refreshingly, the classroom fell quiet.
    Opening the door with a sound, a tall female teacher with a straight back entered the classroom.

    Long blonde hair and emerald eyes. A youthful, spirit-filled woman wrapped in a crisp suit over a feminine figure. Her mouth looking a bit ferocious was a tiny flaw, but that actually added to Frederica-sensei's charm, making her feel more approachable than if she were perfectly refined.
    By the way, she was apparently the real older sister of Garfiel, who was knocked out on the school path earlier.

"—Stand."

    In a clear voice, Crusch at the front row gave the command.
    Everyone standing up from their seats in unison was a grand sight. Even that selfish Priscilla followed this tradition, so it was practically an imprint at the genetic level.

"Bow."

"—Good morning!"

    Big voices and small voices overlapped loosely into a greeting.
    Mine was moderately serious, Rem's was excessively earnest—that kind of balance.

"Sit."

    A clattering noise messier than when standing sounded, and everyone sat down.
    After a moment, as the creaking sound of adjusting chair positions settled, Frederica-sensei was finally ready to speak.

"Now then, good morning, everyone. I suppose some of you find your spirits heavy with the start of the week, but that is the same for us teachers, so please endure it."

    Despite her polite tone, Frederica-sensei cracked an unexpectedly lighthearted joke.
    As the somehow lingering Monday atmosphere relaxed from that, Frederica-sensei looked around the classroom and pointed toward the empty seat.

"I believe most of you know from seeing that seat and hearing from Otto-kun who was eavesdropping, but today a transfer student is joining this class."

"It was totally obvious you were eavesdropping, huh."

"Huh? How strange. I should have paid the utmost attention..."

"It seems it was plain as day to Principal Wilhelm."

    Otto kept tilting his head, but he understood once the principal's name came up.

    Lugunica Academy's Principal Wilhelm was a man radiating an aura that couldn't be hidden by his mild personality and grandfatherly demeanor, and in fact, he was just like that.
    He often appeared on campus, actively helping solve problems or boasting about his love for his family.
    Outsmarting Principal Wilhelm's eyes was impossible—that was common knowledge.

"Setting aside the topic of Otto Suwen being careless, a transfer student is rare."

"Indeed, a time that's neither the new school year nor a new term is rare-nyan! Or rather, transferring after becoming a high schooler feels pretty rare. Though it's a staple in manga-nyan~"

"Then, per the staple of transfer students... it's a girl."

    When Frederica-sensei hopped onto Crusch and Ferris's remarks, a section of the boys started making a racket upon hearing it was a girl. Tonchin-kan in particular were noisy, but did those guys not realize that having more beauties in class would be overwhelming?
    They probably didn't realize it. Well, the loudest one was me, though.

"Subaru-kun is happy that the transfer student is a girl too, isn't he?"

"I figured celebrating for form's sake was best. Even if it were a guy, I'd get along normally, you know? A tragedy worse than having Reinhard and Julius in the same class isn't likely to happen, after all."

    With the school's top two guys in the same class, hoping for popularity among girls was meaningless, uniting all the guys' hearts into one.
    Even if a male transfer student arrived, our community was fully prepared to welcome a new victim with open arms.

"Well, both guys and girls have such a high proportion of beauties that my capacity is full. Crusch, Anastasia, Felt, Priscilla, Ram, and Rem. Might as well include Ferris too."

"Subaru-kun is here too."

"The support from a section of the sanpaku-eyes enthusiast community is passionate!"

    I knew Rem was comforting me, but relying on votes from such a narrow niche of enthusiasts meant I'd been tossed around by the rough waves of life a bit too much.
    So whether it was a guy or a girl, let's welcome them equally as a friend.

"So with that said, Frederica-sensei, anytime is fine!"

"Then, since we have an OK from Natsuki-kun who somehow seized the initiative, I shall introduce her. —You may come in."

    When I gave a thumbs-up, Frederica-sensei called out with a wry smile.
    Then, after a brief hesitation, the classroom door was opened slowly.

    Footsteps, and a breeze blew into the classroom.
    Waiting absently for the transfer student's entrance, I caught sight of her and gasped.

    Long silver hair fluttering in the wind, and violet eyes gazing straight ahead.
    The black uniform looking striking on her pale skin—was it from her previous school? It heightened both a fleeting impression and a gorgeous impression, suiting her wonderfully.

    Standing there was a beauty so remarkable she surprised even me, who was used to seeing beautiful girls.
    Behind her, Frederica-sensei wrote her name on the blackboard with white chalk. Glancing to confirm the name, she bowed her waist slowly.
    And then,

"—My name is Emilia. It's a suuuper weird time to transfer, so I might have surprised you. But I'd be really happy if we could get along."

    Saying so, she looked around the classroom with a slightly nervous face,

"I'm a bit of a ditz, but I look forward to being with you for a long, long time."

"You don't hear 'ditz' much nowadays."

"————"

    Without thinking, those words slipped from my mouth.
    Unintentionally, I hastily covered my mouth, but she looked straight at me. And toward me, whose eyes were wide open, she smiled gorgeously.

    Enraptured by that smile, my heart pounded involuntarily.
    Not a new school year. Not a new term. Just a plain Monday at the start of the week.

    A day that should have been as usual, a day that felt like it began unusually busily, felt as though it was signaling the beginning of days that would become even noisier from now on.


    Starting from the day she—Emilia—transferred in, my daily life began to move in a big way.


<<To be continued in Gakuen Re:Zero! 2nd Period!>>

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

While it's pretty hopeless whether a continuation will ever be drawn, thank you very much.
I'll do my best again next year or something.

<notes>
- Daphne's dialogue includes her unique nicknames for other characters (メトメト → Met-Met, ラムラム → Ram-Ram, ガフガフ → Gaf-Gaf, すばるん → Subarun, ミーミ → Mimi-n). These were preserved/adapted to reflect her speech quirk.
</notes>