Arc 5 Interlude: "Conditions for a Pair"

　It felt as though so many things had been cast aside, left dangling in midair.
　Accomplished, unaccomplished—two extreme sentiments warred inside his chest.

　By nature, thinking had never been his strong suit.
　It was so much better to think of nothing at all, to just throw himself into motion and run around endlessly.
　Perhaps this was his punishment for abandoning thought for so long.

"What the hell... was so 'magnificent' about it...?"

　Still unable to find an answer to those final words bestowed upon him by that hero.
　In the end, was he nothing more than a half-baked failure? The sentiment brought him close to tears.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


　He lightly kicked off the ground, slipping inside a collapsed building.
　Squeezing his compact frame through to peer within, he saw that the interior had indeed been horribly ransacked. At least in his memory, this place hadn't been connected to any battle that decided the fate of the city. Thus, this ruin was likely the aftermath of squabbles among the panicked citizens themselves.

"Can't say there's any of that... telltale stink left behind, though."

　Snorting, he surveyed the scene.
　Everywhere he looked were traces that made him want to avert his eyes—bloodstains, crumbling walls—but neither the lingering reek of frenzy nor the stench of blood remained here anymore.

"—Huh?"

　Just as he was about to give up and head back, seeing that no noticeable harvest was to be found, his feet came to a halt. In the corner of the trashed room, he spotted a small doll lying on the floor.
　Whomever had dropped it, it was a humanoid doll. Small enough to fit in the palm of one's hand, it was miraculously neither dirty nor broken despite being in a place like this.

"……"

　Picking it up, he lightly brushed off the dust, finding himself glancing around even though its owner couldn't possibly be here. Leaving a single doll behind wouldn't change anything, but—

"Tch."

　Clicking his tongue, he shoved the doll into his breast pocket and exited the building. Leaning out from a window missing its glass, he dug his fingers and feet into handholds along the building's facade, nimbly descending to the ground.

"Ah! He's back!"
"It's true! Big bro is amazing!"

　Noticing him climb down with such agile moves, several people working on the ground rushed over. They all wore expressions mixed with anxiety and hope, and to be honest, it stung that he couldn't satisfy either.

"Big bro, how was it inside?"

"Sorry 'bout that, no harvest. Nobody was left inside, and what you were lookin' for wasn't there either."

"I see..."

　Landing and dusting off his knees, he gave his answer to the middle-aged man who had run up to him. For a moment, the man's face clouded over at the response, but he quickly composed himself with a nod.

"Well, if nobody was inside, that means we can put this building on the back burner for now. You saved us a lot of trouble, big bro. With the staircase collapsed, we were stumped since we couldn't carelessly check inside."

"As if I could just stand by and watch you pull a dangerous stunt like that. I respect the grit to wrap a rope around yourself and scale a wall, but try slimmin' down a bit before attemptin' it, would ya?"

"He's got a point there! Wahaha, you dodged a bullet!"

　Slapping his shoulder merrily, the middle-aged man raised a hand with a final "Thanks a bunch" before heading off to the next building. Watching the middle-aged man and several helpers leave for the next structure, Garfiel crossed his arms, pondering what to do next.
　When—

"..."

"..."

　What caught his eye was a pair of figures looking up at the building he had just stepped out of.
　It was a mother and child duo; a teary-eyed girl was clutching the hand of her plump mother. As the mother tried to convey something to her daughter, the girl looked down and shook her head over and over again.
　He couldn't quite tell what they were discussing, but this was hardly a safe environment for a family quarrel or raising a child. Just as he was about to speak up and send them away, he suddenly realized.

"..."

　Snorting, he noticed a certain commonality.
　Fumbling inside his breast pocket, the doll he had picked up inside the building peeked out. Lifting it up to sniff, sure enough, it bore a scent similar to the subtle aroma lingering around them.

"Is this what you were lookin' for, by any chance?"

"!..."

　Stepping closer to the mother and child, he gently offered the doll in his hand. At first startled by being addressed, the young girl's eyes went wide as she noticed the doll.
　As her timidly outstretched hand grasped the doll, her teary eyes swelled even more with an emotion entirely different from before.

"Thank you so much. She was looking for this non-stop..."

"No need to worry 'bout it. Yours truly just happened to stumble upon it, is all."

　Offered thanks by the mother, he shook his head, insisting it was no big deal.
　In truth, he didn't feel he had accomplished anything grand. Though a joyful moment for the girl searching for her doll, weighed on the balance of human life and morale, it was hardly a matter of consequence.
　What was demanded of him right now was a far greater role—

"...And I still ain't found out what the hell that is."

　Absentmindedly stroking the head of the girl hugging her doll, he muttered.
　Then, lifting the palm that had touched the girl, he stared at it intently.

"...?"

"It's nothin'. Don't go losin' it again."

　His luck surely wouldn't hold out enough to find it a second time.
　Saying so, Garfiel Tinsel bared his fangs in a weak smile at the girl.


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


　Three days had already passed since the conclusion of the series of incidents in the Water Gate City of Priestella.
　The scars left upon the city by that Witch Cult-instigated crisis were deep and vast.

　Left behind as visible, indelible wounds were the damages inflicted by the Authorities of the Sin Archbishops of Lust and Gluttony. The issues regarding the 'mutated citizens' and the 'nameless' victims were particularly severe, and it was said that hopes for resolving these matters rested upon the knowledge of the 'Sage' Shaula.

　Having not attended the conference, Garfiel didn't grasp the detailed flow of the discussion. However, the mention of the Sage's name—one of the 'Three Great Heroes' recorded in the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica—evoked deep emotion in him.

　By nature, Garfiel had a liking for anecdotes about legends, folklore, figures who left their names in history, and heroes.
　Naturally, the Three Great Heroes were among his store of knowledge; his admiration for the 'Divine Dragon,' the 'Sword Saint,' and the 'Sage' was profound, and he was well aware of his particularly intense interest in the Sage.

　This was because among the Three Great Heroes, Shaula the 'Sage' was a figure exceptionally starved of spoken information.

　The 'Divine Dragon,' revere-honored in the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica and passed down through fairy tales.
　The 'Sword Saint,' reigning supreme across generations as the kingdom's strongest, remaining to this day a visible legend.
　Compared to both of them, the words spoken regarding the 'Sage'—both name and anecdotes—were far too scarce.

　What did she look like? What was her origin? What were her principles?
　From personality to background and everything that followed, all of it was ambiguous.
　Secluded in the Pleiades Watchtower, watching over the 'Witch's Shrine' while wishing for world peace—or so the public rumor went, but how much of that was fact remained uncertain.

　Thus, under normal circumstances, there was no way the usual him wouldn't have volunteered to join the journey to visit the Sage. Meeting a figure etched into history—he would never pass up such an opportunity.
　Of course, considering their purpose, he had enough tact to refrain from wearing his personal admiration on his sleeve. Exercising that much discretion, he still would have offered to come along.

　Yet this time, the thought of putting himself forward for that journey hadn't even crossed his mind.
　That was surely because he had far too many lingering regrets attached to this place.

"The Boss must've seen right through yours truly's troubles, huh..."

　The wounds sustained during the defense battle, and serving as bodyguard to Otto, who was likewise left behind in the city due to his injuries.
　That was the order given to him by Subaru as he departed the city bound for the Pleiades Watchtower.

"I don't think it'll happen, but there's no guarantee a Sin Archbishop won't turn right back around just to spite us. If that happens, you're the only fighting force I can rely on to leave in the city."
"Make sure that Otto guy doesn't push himself. And hey, don't go doin' anything reckless yourself. Though saying that might be useless."
"Don't look so worried. I'll handle things fine on my end. —You just wait for good news. Right then, I'm off to get things done."

　Those were roughly the words Subaru had left him with before setting out.
　Left behind in the city, Garfiel had put up his usual front as he gave Subaru, Emilia, and the others a hearty send-off, but inside, he had lost his confidence.

　In the end, though various reasons were given, the ultimate truth was that current Garfiel was judged useless, and that was why he'd been left behind.

　Subaru was a man who, if he deemed it necessary, would try to take Garfiel along even if Garfiel were battered and severely wounded. And Garfiel trusted Subaru enough that even if he were battered or on the verge of death, if Subaru declared he was needed, Garfiel would lend him his strength.
　That it didn't happen meant precisely that.

"The current me ain't no use. —The Boss is real strict, after all."

　To Natsuki Subaru, a veteran of a hundred psychological battles, Garfiel's shallow poker face had been entirely transparent. The fact that he was so slow to realize it meant being seen through and left behind was only natural.
　Only natural, but—

"Then what the hell am I supposed to do... I still ain't found the answer to that."

　He was well aware that he was pacing in place.
　And he had a few ideas about what was causing him to hesitate.

　Yet he couldn't see how to face those issues, nor what the right answer was. That was precisely why Garfiel's feet remained frozen.

"..."

　So at the very least, holding those feelings inside, he lent a hand to the city's reconstruction.
　Both arms, which had sustained severe injuries in his battle against Kurgan, were showing signs of recovery thanks to the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits and his own healing magic, even if they weren't completely restored.
　While fighting at full capacity was out of the question, clearing rubble or using his agility for a brief scouting run like earlier fell well within the realm of what he could manage.

　Of course, he knew that this, too, fell under the domain of escape.
　As long as he kept his body moving and worked for someone else's sake, he could avoid being conscious of his own hesitation, and prevent those around him from seeing him standing still.
　Garfiel was aware of his own weakness—that this was why he was doing it.

　*—Garfiel Tinsel did not know that this was, in fact, quite close to an act Natsuki Subaru had once recognized in himself: a means to disguise his own weakness.*

　*Compared to Natsuki Subaru, who had recognized his weakness yet continued to avert his eyes, Garfiel was trying to face himself in a far nobler manner.*
　*He did not know that Subaru had departed believing Garfiel would overcome it without a word needing to be said.*
　*He did not know, but—*

"Ohhh! Found Garf! Sooo energetic! You really like high places, huh, Garf!"

　*Subaru also knew that there were plenty of people around who would help him realize that fact.*
　*And thus, Garfiel was neither as foolish nor as good-for-nothing as he believed himself to be.*


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"Hum-hum-hum-hum-hmmm, hum-hum-hum-hum-hmmm~"

"...You're awful cheerful, ain't ya?"

　Garfiel let out a sigh, glancing sideways at Mimi, who was humming merrily beside him.
　During the city's restoration work, Mimi had come to invite him to lunch. Deep down, Garfiel had wanted to keep moving his body to shake off his persistent gloom, but unable to come up with an excuse to reject the pushy girl's invitation, he had ultimately been dragged along by sheer force.

"Nn~, Garf thinks so too? Actually, Mimi was thinking that too! But Hetaro and Tivey keep yelling 'stay quiet!' so it can't be helped~. Captain lost an arm and is all whoopsie-daisy, so as Vice-Captain, Mimi gotta stand tall, y'know?"

　Overhearing Garfiel's sigh, Mimi rattled on with a beaming face. Twitching the ears on her head, the young girl puffed out her chest and threw out a couple of punches—"Whoosh, whoosh!"

"Like I said, don't go gettin' carried away so quick."

"Fukaaa~!"

　They were nimble movements with solid weight behind the punches, but that very agility filled Garfiel with anxiety instead. Grabbing the scurrying girl by the collar, Garfiel lifted her up.
　Lifted into the air, Mimi let out a cat-like squeak. The moment her eyes met Garfiel's, she immediately burst into a giddy, grinning smile. Seeing that carefree, thoughtless expression, Garfiel felt as though brooding over his troubles was somehow completely ridiculous.

"You've got your share of trouble too, yet you never show a troubled face, do ya?"

"Fufu-fnnn~, never show it! Show no weakness! Being tough and clever is Mimi's selling point, y'know! Fallen for me? Fallen for me?"

"Ain't fallen for ya."

"I see~"

　Showing no sign of disappointment, Mimi looked thoroughly amused as she dangled back and forth.
　She wasn't particularly heavy, and tossing her down only to have her go wild again would be bad for his heart.
　Dangling Mimi from one hand, Garfiel directed his steps toward the assigned eatery. Incidentally, the daily necessities for those who contributed to the city's defense—like Garfiel and Mimi—were guaranteed by Kiritaka. Sleeping quarters and meals were part of that arrangement.
tRight now, with hands and resources in short supply across various parts of the city, Garfiel had no intention of complaining or being picky. It was what Subaru occasionally called a "win-win."

"Runt, how's your belly?"

"Nn~, super hungry! Tummy's rumbling-tumbling! Let's go eat quick!"

"Not your stomach, I mean the hole in ya. Your wound, I mean."

"Ahhh, that! Yeah, feelin' pretty good, maybe? Mimi is totally fine~. But Hetaro and Tivey still look like they're having a tough time? Looks like they took on a whole lot of Mimi's wound, so those two really can't be helped~"

　Crossing her short arms, Mimi nodded with proud huffs.
　Mimi had shielded Garfiel and taken a grave injury. It had been a life-threatening, nightmare of a wound that healing magic alone could never close.
　The ones who barely managed to keep Mimi tethered to life were her younger triplet brothers. Through the effect of the Divine Protection of Trisection, which shared wounds and fatigue among siblings, the two younger brothers bore their elder sister's burden, successfully preserving all three of their lives, exhausted as they were.

　Since then, they were in a state where they had to rest and wait for recovery via healing magic, but it was ironic that the sister who sustained the injury was recovering far faster than her two younger brothers.
tAnd after going to such lengths, being evaluated like this by their elder sister was quite a raw deal for them.

"Your two little bros aren't getting much of a reward, huh. Shouldn't you show 'em a bit more proper gratitude?"

"Gratitude, huh~ Mimi gets that. Mimi gets what Garf wants to say, but Mimi is the big sister after all~. Mimi gotta scold Hetaro and Tivey!"

"Huh?"

"Mimi is super happy about how they feel, but if those two die taking Mimi's place, that makes trouble for Mimi too, y'know? Life is important! Super important! Their lives are extra important! So wasting 'em for Mimi is no good! Lady Anastasia said no squandering either~!"

"..."

　Still held in Garfiel's grip, Mimi swung her long tail to balance herself. Hearing the words of the girl who was crossing her arms with an unusually solemn look on her face, Garfiel blinked in surprise.
　He had fully expected another piece of incomprehensible cat-logic to come flying out.

"You actually put some proper thought into this, huh."

"Of course! Gorgeous Mimi is smart! Devoted! Prime real estate! Fallen for me? Fallen for me?"

"Ain't fallen for ya."

"I see~ Too bad."

　Dangling loosely as she swung, Mimi cackled at Garfiel's reply.
　Faced with such an open, guileless smile, Garfiel scratched his cheek and sighed once more.

"Still, though... can't the exact same thing be said for your two little bros?"

"Nn~?"

"Their big sis was dyin'. If they had a means in their hands that might save her, of course they'd try it. Even if they got chewed out for it later."

"Nnn~"

　He understood Mimi's logic, of course.
　When a person precious to you risks their life to save yours, it brings joy, but at the same time, terror.
　Garfiel could never bring himself to tell someone he loved that he wanted them to die alongside him. He felt that even if he lived a whole lifetime, he could never say such a thing.

　What about Ram? he suddenly wondered.
　He felt that Ram would accept both dying together with the one she loved, and having that loved one die with her. Though since the person she looked toward was that bastard, by necessity that loved one would be that bastard too.

"Nnnn~! But still no good! Mimi is definitely gonna be super mad. Decision made!"

"...Is that so."

"Mimi will say 'thank you,' and then give 'em a big *smack!* Hetaro and Tivey probably know Mimi will say that, so if they knew and did it anyway, then it really can't be helped~ Being loved too much is such a pain~!"

"..."

"Dying together means wanting to live together, right? So if that's how it is, then big sister just gotta be big sister, and Hetaro and Tivey just gotta be Hetaro and Tivey~"

　In her airy, nonchalant way, Mimi had found her own answer to her younger brothers' self-sacrifice.
　Put into words, it was an exceedingly simple answer, one that might even strike a person as lacking affection, yet it pierced right through Garfiel all the same.
　It felt as if a careless finger had jammed into the murky haze churning within him, stirring up what had settled at the bottom until a sickening wave spread throughout his whole body once more.

"Then..."

　So Garfiel forced out words as though biting back at that sickening nausea.
　Glares directed at the dangling Mimi, he clicked his regenerated fangs together once, twice—

"Then why the hell did *you* shield yours truly back then?! Shielding me, takin' an injury that could've killed ya, and then...!"

tTo be shielded like that, to have her suffer a fatal injury for his sake, disturbing his heart with every ounce of her being—how could she pull off something like that?
tWhile she got angry at her two younger brothers for risking their lives for her, why would she risk her own life like that for Garfiel, a total stranger she had met only a few days ago?

tWhen he hadn't even given her his thanks for that moment, nor said a word of relief that she survived.

"Well, Mimi has fallen for Garf, so it can't be helped~ Oh dear, it's so embarrassing~"

"—! It's only been a matter of a few days, damn it!"

tGarfiel gritted his molars at Mimi's words as she shyly stroked her own head.
tThat's right, it was an affection of merely a few days. Setting aside for a moment whether he should take Mimi's claim of having fallen for him at face value—how Garfiel ought to respond to her feelings wasn't what mattered right here.
tWhat mattered was the strength and depth of those feelings. It had only been a few days.

tGarfiel had harbored feelings for Ram for seven years—nearly half his lifespan.
tFor all those years, he had held feelings for that single girl. For just as many years he had been rejected, yet he had never once thought of giving up; so enamored with her, wishing for her, expressing it through every word and action he could muster.
tWhich was precisely why—

"When there wasn't even any real time... why the hell did you...?"

tRisking your life for me.
tWhen you're loved so much that your two brothers would put their lives on the line to protect you. How could you direct that kind of love toward someone like me?

"Old man Roshi used to say it!"

"...Huh?"

"The conditions for a pair!"

tAn unfamiliar term popped out, causing Garfiel to knit his brows in confusion. At that moment, Mimi suddenly spun around, slipping free of Garfiel's grip to land on the ground. Tumbling forward right in front of Garfiel, she snapped the fingers of both hands straight at him.
tAnd then—

"Mated pairs spend years and decades and hundreds of years together, right?"

"Hundreds of years is way too much of an edge case..."

"If your feelings are eternal, hundreds of years is super-duper short! And while you're spending all that time together, you'll probably have fights or squabble over food and stuff, right?"

"..."

tThe scale of these fights felt absurdly petty, but Garfiel listened in silence.
tIt would be bad if she got worked up and re-opened her closed wound. Let Mimi say and do as she pleased, and once she calmed down, he'd grab her—

"So it was like, pick a partner you can enjoy those fights and squabbles with! And he said you can usually tell at a glance who you're gonna click super tight with!"

"At a glance, huh..."

"When Mimi saw Garf, it went *click!* So if you're gonna be together for hundreds of years, having just clicked is pretty much a rounding error, right? An advance payment! Yeah, what Lady Anastasia said! An advance payment! And then, ten-percent interest every ten days!"

"Huh..."

tPuffing her chest proudly with a humph, Mimi left Garfiel in utter speechlessness.
tAdvance payments? Ten percent every ten days? He had no clue what she meant. Was she trying to say... that she was borrowing against centuries worth of future bonds with her intended mate?
tAnd because she had that, she could act—was that the gist of her argument?

"...But you could've died."

"Nn~?"

"If you'd died right then, advance payment or whatever wouldn't mean shit. And yet..."

"Heyyy, Garf, is your head okay~?"

tAs Garfiel muttered painfully, Mimi tapped her own temple with a finger, asking earnestly.
tHaving that come from the last person he wanted to hear it from left Garfiel flabbergasted. Mimi then folded her arms pompously and continued:

"Dying together means wanting to live together, right? So both Mimi and Garf are alive, so why're you whining around? You're gonna go bald~!"

"..."

"Oho? Garf, did you just laugh? Hey, you laughed, right~?"

tPeering into Garfiel's face with round, twinkling eyes, Garfiel's fangs clicked together.
tThe rhythmic clicking of his fangs grew closer and closer together until at last, mingling with laughter, it erupted into a roaring belly laugh.

"Ohhh! Garf is laughing so hard! Did something funny happen?"

"Y-You're what's funny, runt. Ah, damn it, hell's bells."

"Mimi, huh! Well, it can't be helped~ Lady Anastasia often said that when Mimi's around, you've got no choice but to laugh~"

tSeeing Mimi's oblivious face only brought forth more laughter.
tNo, the oblivious one wasn't Mimi—it was far more himself.

tMimi probably just couldn't put it into words, but instinctually she understood what was most important. What Garfiel couldn't be satisfied with unless articulated in words, she grasped crystal-clear.
tPerhaps that was why Garfiel felt so frustrated right now.

"...Still, though. By your logic earlier, your two little bros risking their lives for you was also because they wanted to live together with you, wasn't it?"

"Mimi is allowed! Hetaro and Tivey aren't! That's how it works~!"

"What kind of sense does that make?"

tListening to Mimi pull rank as an elder sister, the wry grin refused to leave his face.
tCome to think of it, Frederica had also on extremely rare occasions—no, not rare at all, fairly often, in fact—used her position as an older sister to make unreasonable demands.
tWhat, so it was just the natural order of things? For an elder sister to make unreasonable demands of her younger brother and shower him with affection?

"Nn, Garf's got a better look on his face now~ Mimi shall praise you~"

"Yeah, yeah."

"Fallen for Mimi after being praised? Fallen for me?"

"Ain't fallen for ya."

"I see~ But Mimi's fallen for you. Don't worry!"

"...Yeah, thanks."

tBouncing over as if ready to pounce, Mimi fell into step beside him with a smiling face.
tStroking her head, which sat at just the right height, Mimi's tail stood straight up, swaying cheerfully from side to side.

tHe hadn't come to accept Mimi's attitude up until now, nor the outcome of her life-risking action.
tGarfiel's idea of acceptance and Mimi's idea of acceptance were two entirely different things. It was simply that Mimi had already come to full terms with it, which came through clearly in her words.
tGarfiel's answer—the lingering regrets that rippled across the Water Gate City—had not been clearly resolved in the slightest.

tJust, he felt it had become a beacon of light.
tA beacon illuminating the path toward the answer he had to reach.

"Arrived at the dining spot~! Garf! Mimi's tummy is rumbling-tumbling!"

"Like I said, don't jump around so much or it'll mess with your wound."

tShaking his head in exasperation, he followed Mimi as she darted eagerly into the eatery.
tThe small dining space was currently packed with people involved in the restoration work. It being lunchtime, finding a vacant table inside was a chore in itself.

"Garf! Over here! Over here is open! They said sharing a table is okay~!"

"Sharing a... ah, table-sharing, huh. Got it."

tWith her signature burst of energy, Mimi rushed through the restaurant, quickly securing seats for two.
tHeading toward the back, he saw that half of a four-person table was open. Watching Mimi sit down while wagging her tail, Garfiel reached the table. Thinking that the noisy Mimi would likely cause trouble, he was about to address the customer sitting across from them—

"Oh."

"What a coincidence, Garfiel-dono."

tHe found himself face-to-face with the white-haired old man sitting in the opposite seat—Wilhelm.
tMeeting the quiet gaze of the old swordsman, Garfiel gasped softly.

tOne of the unresolved regrets of Garfiel Tinsel that lingered in the Water Gate City.
tHere occurred an encounter intimately connected to the key to resolving the second of them.