Arc 6 Chapter 69: "The Sword's Unreasonable Hammer-Blow"

—It took several seconds to swallow the sound of that remark and chew through its meaning.

"Reid is... Roy Alphard...?"

At the unexpected revelation, Subaru's thoughts were thrown into disarray, in a way distinct from the agony he'd been wrestling with.
His head was dulled from the pain and suffering, the negative sensations he'd forcibly wrested away from his companions, but this was no time to indulge that. Even if, some hours from now, his brain came dribbling out of his ears, he couldn't afford to stop thinking.

"......"

Facing forward, staring at the red-haired swordsman cutting such an imposing, dignified figure — without question the most troublesome presence in this Pleiades Watchtower — Reid Astrea, Subaru murmured.

At his side, Julius held his knight's sword at the ready; there was no hint of falsehood in the expression with which he fixed his gaze on Reid.
To begin with, he wasn't the sort of man who'd crack an unfunny joke in a life-or-death crucible like this. That had been Subaru's assessment of Julius even before he'd once forgotten everything, and it was precisely because of that assessment that the situation was so grave.
Julius's near-certain declaration meant it was, without doubt, established fact.

"If Reid is 'Gluttony,' then..."

Reid was one of the five obstacles that existed within the Watchtower, and yet his position on the line between friend and foe had always been ambiguous.
Now that his existence had been made explicit as one of their enemies—

"So that means you've — over and over, relentlessly — been after us this whole time...?"

"—Oi, hold up, you. That's one hell of an unfunny misunderstanding."

"Huh?"

"Don't joke with me. Oi. You. Hey, you. Don't you go believin' some half-assed conclusion like I'm some good-for-nothin' from somewhere else playin' dress-up, you hear me?"

Hearing Subaru's trembling voice, Reid twisted his cheek into a deeply displeased scowl.
Subaru couldn't fathom the meaning behind that reaction.

—The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, had manifested in Reid's form.
Having just witnessed Rui Arneb's transformation, Subaru had reached that conclusion quite reasonably — that the Reid before him was the result of Gluttony's Authority, which stole its target's combat strength, form and all.

And yet Reid grew plainly displeased at that conclusion.
It wasn't the cowardly behavior of someone stubbornly trying to hide his true identity to the bitter end — the cause looked far simpler, more like a childish, petulant frustration.
Its true meaning was—

"I'm me, plain and simple, ain't I? That's exactly why I ain't bent, why I'm standin' here like this. Ain't that right? You sayin' it ain't?"

"......"

Touching the eyepatch over his left eye, Reid bared his teeth like a sharp fang and flung the words at Subaru.
At that, Subaru caught his breath, furrowing his brow as he tried to parse the true meaning of the statement.
Then, catching hold of a certain possibility, he held his breath.

"No way... Julius..."

"Yes. I imagine your guess is correct."

Keeping his gaze fixed on Reid, Julius dipped his chin toward Subaru, whose voice had come out hoarse. The handsome man rubbed his blood-stained cheek against his shoulder, wiping away the bloodstain as he spoke.

"A moment ago, I phrased it poorly. Let me correct myself. — The body before us belongs to Roy Alphard. But the spirit inside it does not."

"...Spirit?"

"Roy Alphard devoured Reid Astrea's 'memories,' and in doing so had control of his own spirit stolen away by those very memories. That is why he was able to descend to the second floor and come here, without restriction."

"......"

At the outlandish possibility given credence by Julius's confirmation, Subaru could only stare, dumbfounded.
Could such a thing really happen? Not just Subaru — everyone, Emilia, Beatrice, even Ram, had their eyes wide.

Certainly, Julius's explanation accounted for everything.

The truth behind why Reid — who, as the examiner, should never have been able to leave the second floor during the Watchtower's 'Trial' — had been roaming the tower freely as though he owned the place.
Across the countless loops Subaru had repeated, Reid had only ever gained his freedom amid the chaos of the Watchtower's final moments, because he'd been riding on the coattails of Gluttony's actions to seize that freedom for himself.
Yes, that was it. This accounted for every inexplicable circumstance surrounding Reid.

—It was simply too outlandish a truth for his jaw to do anything but hang open.

"So he got dragged along by the 'memories' and lost sight of his true self, is that it, I suppose?"

"More simply put, I'd say the stronger ego won out in the end. — In terms of sheer self-centeredness, there's no one who could rival him."

Arriving at the same conclusion as Subaru, if a little late, were Beatrice and Ram.
It was a blunt, unvarnished way of putting it, but Ram's words captured the fact plainly enough.

"Still, there's something I don't get..."

Namely, why hadn't the devoured Reid's existence vanished from everyone's memory?
Until now, it seemed that anyone who'd fallen victim to 'Gluttony' — Rem, Julius, and the rest — had had their existence erased from the memories of everyone except Subaru.
In fact, in the loop just before this one, Subaru himself had watched Emilia's existence vanish from Ram and the others' memories. So if the same thing hadn't happened to Reid, then—

"As a matter of principle, what 'Gluttony' devoured wasn't Reid's 'name,' but only his 'memories.' You cannot devour either the 'memories' or the 'name' of the dead. That, at least, was Roy Alphard's claim."

"—! You mean you actually witnessed Reid being devoured!?"

Sensing Subaru's doubt, Julius, having said as much, closed one eye. He gave a short "Yes," then glanced toward the crumbled wall he himself had passed through.

"It happened right as I made my way up to the second floor at your instruction. Roy Alphard and Reid were in the middle of negotiating, just then — though whether it should be called a negotiation is questionable..."

"What do you mean, questionable?"

"Because Reid put up no resistance. — Presumably, 'Gluttony' was, for some reason, exempt from the 'Trial.' Which meant the examiner couldn't attack him."

"Ha! You, that's half right and half wrong."

Reid himself put a stop to the conjecture Julius had constructed. Cracking the bones of his thick neck, he dug his claws into his own chest.

"Sure, those two weren't participants in the 'Trial,' but I could've done somethin' about it if I'd wanted to, y'know? Only, if I had, I wouldn't be here now, would I?"

"You mean to say you had the confidence to take over your opponent's ego?"

"Wasn't gonna let him have his cake and eat it too. You put everything you've got on the table — that's what makes a bet interestin', ain't it. That's the part that little runt never got."

Setting aside the fact that he'd acquired a body, Reid seemed to hold no interest whatsoever in the 'Gluttony' who'd been involved in the process — he spoke of the Roy he'd faced with startling coldness.
But regardless, the reality before them was the truth. — Roy Alphard's ego had been utterly painted over by the monster known as Reid Astrea.

"If you're gonna devour me whole, savor every bit of me, you need a belly big enough to hold me. He didn't have one. So I tore my way outta his gut. That's all there is to it."

"That's all there is to it...?"

Separate from the ceaseless nausea and the accumulating wear on his body and mind, Subaru felt his head begin to ache.
In short, to put plainly what had happened to Reid—

"You came back to life... you mean resurrection of the dead?"

"You could say that's the result of it, yes. Though it's a miracle-like occurrence that could only come about when a situation permitting interference with a dead person's 'memories' happens to coincide with a being who possesses that ability."

"A miracle..."

Witnessing the moment a life lost four hundred years ago was thus restored — even without Julius intending it that way — might well be called the embodiment of an ironic miracle.
Not that Subaru intended to make an issue of the fact of the resurrection itself—

"—Um, can I ask just one thing?"

"Hm?"

Once the events that had occurred were more or less sorted out, it was Emilia who spoke up.
Since encountering Reid, Emilia had kept her mouth shut to avoid interrupting the conversation. Seeing that the discussion had reached a lull, she turned her violet eyes toward Reid.
And then—

"You... Reid, you came back to life, right? And now you can leave that place too — that's really, really wonderful, but—"

"Ah, thanks for that. This means you and me can hole up somewhere proper now, gorgeous. Pour me a drink tonight, would ya. As for the rest... heh, I'll teach ya slow, little by little."

"—? Are you asking me out? But I've only ever gone on a 'date' with Puck and Subaru, so, I'm sorry. Also—"

It was an exchange Subaru couldn't just let slide by, but he had no spare energy right now to jump on Emilia's mention of a date.
Ignoring Subaru's inner turmoil entirely, Emilia readjusted her hold on the body she was carrying and continued—

"Now that you're free, could you please stop getting in our way? You might not know this, but we're really, really busy right now..."

"Don't make me laugh, gorgeous. I got a pretty good handle on what's goin' on here. See, the little runt whose body this is happens to be weirdly knowledgeable. — Ah, don't like that one bit."

Spitting the words out, Reid grabbed irritably at the bandage wrapped around his own stomach.
It seemed that he hadn't simply been revived — he apparently also had authorization to browse through Roy Alphard's memories, meaning he'd caught a glimpse of a portion of 'Gluttony's' Authority.
Though, judging by his aesthetic sensibilities, it seemed to have been an intensely distasteful thing to witness.

"No guts of his own, so he goes stickin' his hand into somethin' this stupid. Hopeless brat. Got himself snuffed out for not knowin' his place — serves him right."

"...Just between us, now that you're free, why not go stake a claim over the wide world's oceans? I know it feels like I'm just kicking the can down the road, but if that's the case—"

"You backin' off on me, huh? You're already pathetic enough as it is, bein' carried around by a woman — might as well be dead. You wanna pile more shame on top of that?"

"......"

Subaru's attempt to avoid the fight and improve the situation had ended in failure.
Most likely, if anyone but Subaru had made that same proposal, it wouldn't have gotten through either. In the end, even having gained his freedom, Reid intended to see his role as examiner through to the end.
Or perhaps it wasn't attachment to the title of examiner at all — perhaps it was simply that, once he'd decided to cross swords with someone, he wouldn't let them run. — Perhaps that was a kind of warrior's pride.
Either way—

"—I see. If you won't step aside, there's nothing to be done."

Trailing a sigh tinged with what sounded like regret, that was more than enough of a response to make Emilia resolve to attack Reid.

"Sorry."

It took Subaru a full second to realize that single word had been meant not for Reid, whom she faced, but for Subaru on her shoulder.
Because a second later, Subaru's body was lowered from Emilia's shoulder and gently tossed over to Beatrice at her side.

—In that instant, Emilia shot down the corridor like a bullet and brought her ice sword crashing down on Reid.

The air rang out with a high, keening sound as it birthed ice, and beautiful, cruel blades of ice whirled through the smoke-choked corridor. Every strike was aimed, without mercy, at a fatal blow — once Emilia decided to do something, she didn't hesitate. That much had already been made abundantly clear over the course of this fight.

"—Ha!"

That slash — one Subaru could barely follow with his eyes, a blow that came close to a surprise attack — Reid caught with ease, using the arm he'd drawn from the breast of his kimono and the chopsticks gripped in that hand.
This wasn't the first time Subaru had seen Reid wield chopsticks as a weapon. But no matter how many times he saw it, he never got used to it. Abnormal was abnormal — that assessment never changed.

"That bastard...! Emilia-chan!"
"S-Subaru! You mustn't do anything reckless, I suppose! Behave yourself, will you, I wonder!"

Worried for Emilia's safety in the face of Reid's abnormal swordsmanship, Subaru cried out. It was Beatrice — who had caught the body Emilia let go of, just in time — urging Subaru to restrain himself.
Supported by her small frame, Subaru forced his eyes open as he knelt in the corridor.

Meanwhile, Emilia kept switching out her icy armaments as they were shattered or sliced by the chopsticks, continuing her sword dance like a fairy amid glittering diamond dust.
Casually batting the attacks away, Reid laughed, "Hah!" like a shark, baring his teeth.

"Ha! I'll give ya this, gorgeous, you get straight to the point! But you, you get it, right? Your 'Trial' is already over, ain't it?"

"Then! Pass everyone too!"

"Oi oi, what kinda logic is that. Ain't no reason for me to go and do that."

"Because I'm asking you to, please!"

"No cute beggin' in that request at all. Just strip for now, you."

Despite her earnest expression, Reid turned a deaf ear to Emilia's characteristically heartfelt plea.
As with the first strike, Reid parried and deflected the barrage that followed with unbelievably deft chopstick technique. At his abnormal swordsmanship, Subaru's jaw hung open.

Of course, Subaru had already known Reid was an extraordinary swordsman.
But Emilia, who didn't give an inch even against 'Gluttony' or the giant scorpion, possessed overwhelming skill compared to any run-of-the-mill warrior. At the very least, a hundred Subarus together wouldn't be a match for Emilia. — And to Reid, that was, quite literally, child's play.

Emilia's desperate offense looked as clumsy as a child's game to Reid.
After just a few more exchanges, Emilia would be run through by his chopsticks and lose. The gap in skill between the two was so vast that even an amateur could see it plainly.
And yet—

"—A reason to back off? That's easy enough, isn't it."

"Ahn?"

"Because you're about to lose, pathetically, to Ram and the others right here."

Cutting into the battlefield despite her small stature, Ram flung those words from behind Reid.

—She'd taken Reid's back.

That alone would have been more than enough to astonish anyone, but Ram's true terror didn't end there.
Against Reid Astrea's attacks on Emilia — utterly merciless — matched to Emilia's instinct-driven fighting style, Ram had synced her timing with almost divine instinct.

It was the very thing Subaru had found utterly unreadable — Emilia's initial surprise attack — as though Ram had read even that coming; in fact, she surely had.

"......"

An instant later, the fist Ram thrust out drove into Reid's flank through his kimono.
At the moment of impact came the creak of flesh and bone, Ram's white fist's penetrating force sinking into Reid's innards, and the corridor cracked beneath the sole of Reid's zōri sandal as he held his ground.

"It connected...!?"

Involuntarily, seeing this, Subaru clutched Beatrice tightly.
He wanted to cheer, but no sound beyond that would come. In its place was a heat like burning blood. Because that was, without a doubt, as far as Subaru knew, the first damage ever to land on Reid.

"Haaaaah—!"

A fist with power that seemed impossible from such a slender arm was driven into Reid like a storm, again and again. Reid took every blow full on his exposed flank and was pushed back.
Not that he was defenseless — it was that, with both chopsticks occupied fending off Emilia's furious assault, he had no defense to spare for Ram's side.

Thus, pushed back by the tremendous force of those punches, Reid's body was sent flying back hard.
As he went flying, Emilia hurled an ice dagger formed in both hands; Reid batted the arcing slash away with a strike of his chopsticks, and crashed down flat on his back in the corridor.

"Did we... do it?"

Reid lay sprawled on his back in the corridor; at the sight, Subaru muttered, eyes wide with astonishment.
Blocking Emilia's follow-up strike had been his last gasp — every other blow from Ram, he'd taken without resistance. Each punch carried force enough to rattle bone; naturally, even Reid couldn't come away unscathed.

Emilia's valiant fight was, of course, part of it, but perhaps Reid's undoing had been underestimating Ram's fighting strength.
Thanks to the effect of the Col Leonis, Ram had been able to move without hindrance, and her true skill was such that she could have cut off her opponent's consciousness before Reid ever got serious—

"—! Now's our chance to tie him up and put him out of commission! Emilia-chan! Bind him with ice—"

For a moment his thoughts froze, unable to fully believe in the victory, but he couldn't let this priceless opportunity slip by. Subaru hurriedly instructed Emilia to restrain Reid.
He was about to call out to Ram, who had fought so valiantly, when—

"...Subaru, when did you get your strength back, I suppose?"

"Huh?"

Beatrice, who had been supporting his body, suddenly asked him that.
At the question, Subaru belatedly realized that he was standing on his own two feet, giving Emilia instructions. — The agony gnawing at his whole body like a curse had vanished, quietly, without a trace.

"—Gah, ha"

The instant he grasped the meaning of that, Ram's body swayed unsteadily.
Her upper body, turned away from him, wavered, and unable to hold herself up, she crumpled from the knees.

"Ram!!"
"Ngh!"

Unable even to catch herself with her hands, Ram collapsed exactly like a puppet with its strings cut. The one who lunged instinctively to catch her falling body was Julius, who had been watching for a chance to join the fight.
Supporting Ram's limp body, Julius confirmed her state, and his expression froze. The cause was the color of Ram's face, and the red of the blood that had drenched his clothes.
Blood was pouring in great quantity from the wound in Ram's stomach — the one that had been stanched before. That blood loss alone posed a grave threat to her life, but that wasn't the only problem.

The greatest problem was that it was linked to Subaru's recovery.
In other words—

"The effect of the 'Col Leonis'... it's run out..."

"—Ah, finally managed to land one, huh. You, quit doin' pointless stuff. All you're doin' is hidin' behind a woman. Ain't fit to be called even small fry, you."

"......"

Before the speechless Subaru, the fallen Reid kicked both legs down and sprang up in one vigorous motion. He lightly dusted off his backside, then rolled the arm holding the chopsticks around from the shoulder.
That casual gesture, showing no trace at all of the damage Ram had dealt, sent a chill through him — but what unsettled Subaru even more was the remark Reid had just made.

—Reid had said he'd "cut" something. Just what, exactly?

"Obviously a pointless little game. Besides, gut torn open, blood pourin' out, and not feelin' a lick of pain or sufferin' — you makin' fun of me or somethin', you?"

"Ah, gh..."

"You want me to go full-out, I'll take you on properly. But this — this ain't right. You, this ain't right, is it. Can't you see it, you? This woman's about to die before she's even cut."

At the low, menacing growl in Reid's voice, Subaru turned his gaze to Ram in Julius's arms. Seeing that, Julius gave a shallow nod.

"His words are correct. Lady Ram's wound is no trivial matter. Even now, she is in a critical state."

"—!"

"The bleeding won't stop, most likely because some drug is being used to impede coagulation of the blood. Beyond that, this is likely the backlash of her body's condition — one that should never have permitted such reckless exertion."

Each piece of Julius's analysis threatened to blast a painful hole through Subaru's chest.
He had failed. — Subaru's use of the 'Col Leonis' had compounded one self-righteous failure after another.

"......"

Taking on Ram's affliction, creating a state in which she could fight.
That hadn't been a wrong judgment in itself, but he had made light of the wound she'd sustained — no, it was that he'd let Ram herself make light of it, and that was the mistake.
If Subaru took on the pain and suffering of the wound himself, there was no way to become aware of how serious it truly was. As long as Ram herself behaved as though she were fine, even Emilia and the others had no way of noticing.

"Something like a sense-sharing magic akin to 'Necto,' close to it, yet different. Some other power entirely was at work. And you say you cut that."

"I'm good at cuttin' things I can't see, see. Well, doin' it by feel's a lot of work. That's what took me a bit of time. And you went and hit me somethin' fierce for it."

Reid casually claimed this was the reason he'd taken Ram's punches like a storm. And yet, contrary to what had happened, he seemed to have suffered almost no damage from it.
That trick, too, was explained by Julius. Still holding Ram, Julius quietly lowered his gaze — toward the corridor, cracked from the chaos of battle—

"You were letting all of Lady Ram's attacks escape through the soles of your feet, into the floor."

"A trick a woman I used to know, Tricia, was good at."

Reid laughed, "kaka," and stamped the corridor lightly with his zōri sandals.
Hearing the two of them talk, Subaru looked, chilled, at the cracks in the corridor. The many wounds scattered across the corridor were proof that Reid had been letting Ram's attacks escape into the floor.
By whatever method, dispersing the shock of a blow elsewhere. — It could be called the ultimate pinnacle of hand-to-hand technique.

"...Ah"

Indeed, Subaru had seen with his own eyes, at the moment Ram's first strike had landed, the corridor crack violently. The same had apparently applied to every strike since.
And all of it, everything—

"To cut the connection between me and Ram...? In the first place, how did you even manage—"

"Told ya already, didn't I. I cut what I wanna cut, go where I wanna go, hold the woman I wanna hold. — Some pointless little game like that, I'll slice it apart hummin' a tune while I'm at it."

Reid declared it as though it were nothing at all.
Cutting the unseen. Or cutting a bond that didn't even exist physically. That even that was possible — was that the true measure of what it meant to be called the 'Sword Saint'?

"But earlier, up above, when I hit you hard, you were in pain...!"

"Conditions were different back then, gorgeous. Right now I came here more excited for a good scrap than the 'Trial.' A fight, I go all out more than I would for the 'Trial.' Ain't that right, you?"

Brushing aside Emilia's protest, Reid snorted and readied his chopsticks. Holding them as though about to have a perfectly ordinary meal, he pointed their tips at Julius, his blue eyes gleaming with fierce light.

"So there it is. You get what I'm sayin', don't you, you. Yeah, you. You, I mean."

"—You mean to settle this with swords. That is your intent?"

"Oh yeah, that's right. I'll tell ya now, anything that ain't a sword, I'll just let it slip on by, wherever. Doesn't matter if you punch me or blast me with magic. If you wanna beat me..."

Tap, tap, Reid raised a finger to his own chest, indicating his heart.
In other words, it was a declaration that the only way to stop his breath was through there.

That, in turn, was proof that the matchup Subaru had assigned was the correct one—

"Why are you fixated on me?"

"Ahh? Me, fixated on you? Don't make me laugh. A pretty-faced bastard who's all talk — that's exactly the kind of guy I hate most. And why the hell would I be fixated on you anyway?"

"Then..."

"—It's you who's got a reason to be fixated on me, ain't it. You really think it's fine if I back off here, for real?"

"......"

Faced with Julius's question, Reid's answer was anything but clear.
He himself was the type who found no value in putting everything into words. Because of that, most of his responses were largely sensory, difficult to grasp.
And yet, to someone capable of understanding it, it was an answer more than sufficient—

"—Tch, an annoying one's showed up."

Before he could finish chewing over that answer, Reid clicked his tongue in irritation first.
And the cause of that click of the tongue appeared — no, came crashing in as a burst of white light — from deep within the corridor Subaru and the others had come from.

"Subaru!"

Just before the white light could vaporize Subaru, Emilia's ice sword cut in between them. There came the sound of shattering ice, and the deflected light drove itself into the corridor wall. — A long, massive stinger, unraveling and vanishing.
Which meant it was a baptism from none other than the watcher of the 'Sage's' tower—

"—Shaula"

"......"

Deep in the corridor, red compound eyes surfaced into view, and a colossal, multi-legged scorpion revealed itself. Its jet-black carapace and vicious great pincers — a form as menacing and intact as ever.
Only, around that great scorpion, there was no sign of Lye, who was supposed to have been left behind, still fighting. If she'd lost to the scorpion and dropped out, that would be a stroke of luck, but—

"Reid and Shaula, both at once..."

"S-Subaru..."

Pinned between two formidable enemies, unable to act carelessly, Subaru held his breath — and Beatrice called out to him in a trembling voice.
Turning to her, Subaru noticed the pallor on her face. The fear coloring Beatrice's expression squeezed his chest painfully.
Somehow, wanting to dispel the unease in her heart, Subaru searched for words.

"Beatrice, it's okay. Anyway, we haven't found a plan yet, but it's okay. We can still turn this—"

"That's not it, that's not it, I suppose! — It's coming, I wonder!"

"Coming?"

Eyes wide, her complexion drained of color, at Beatrice's plea Subaru looked once more at the great scorpion.
If it was a matter of threats, Reid was right here, and the great scorpion was over there. With the fearsome ones already assembled, what more could possibly be coming now—

"—No way."

"That's exactly why I said it, didn't I. An annoying one's showed up."

As though confirming the thought that had crossed Subaru's mind, Reid spoke.
His tone was dead serious, as if he genuinely found this situation unsatisfying, unresolved.

—An instant later, a shockwave surged up from underfoot in a violent tremor, shaking the Pleiades Watchtower itself.

"......"

Without exaggeration, the impact was enough to lift his body off the ground, and Subaru's world turned upside down.
Blown helplessly through the air — and in Subaru's field of view, the inhabitants of this fantasy world each showed astonishing feats of movement.

In midair, Emilia kicked off a foothold of ice she'd conjured and struck down, one after another, the great scorpion's stingers being fired in concentrated volleys — aimed at their companions, no, at Subaru.
Julius, in a world tilted at an angle, ran along what had been a wall and closed on Reid, opening a clash of blades against the supreme swordsman with a thrust of his knight's sword.
And Beatrice flung herself at Subaru, who held Ram tightly in his arms, and—

"—Muraku!"

The moment she finished the incantation, Subaru realized he was wrapped in a sensation of floating distinct from the shock of the blast. A feeling of being released from the shackles of gravity, thrown into a weightless world.
Even the fact that the world had turned upside down hardly seemed to matter anymore, in a situation like this.
Each of them doing the very best they could—

"—Ah"

As though mocking even that best effort, an overwhelming quantity of jet-black shadow swallowed the tower whole.

"......"

A tremendous crushing sound rang out, and the Watchtower — a structure boasting a strength no mere stonework should possess — crumpled. It was violence wrought by a shadow that, by rights, should have had no mass at all.
It could no longer even be called mere destruction; the coming of this near-natural-disaster-like impact swallowed and devoured, effortlessly, even those whose skill would be called superhuman in this world.

Even Emilia, who had been fighting valiantly against the great scorpion, wielding magic and martial skill together.
Even Julius, who had wielded his knight's sword, rallying himself to challenge a legend.
Even Beatrice, who had cast magic with her small body, striving to protect Subaru.

In the span of a single blink, they were entangled by the rising shadow and vanished from sight.

"......"

Without a sound, without any lingering trace, Emilia and the others' forms disappeared.
Subaru couldn't find the right words inside himself for what to call that instantaneous event that had befallen them.
But there was one thing he could say for certain.

"—I failed."
'—I love you.'

Accepting that reality and having that pitch-black love whispered to him happened at the very same moment.
Whispered as though into his ear, or as though while being kissed, or as though being embraced across his entire body, or as though his very soul were being caressed — the word-spirit of love delivered with terrifying directness.

He understood immediately. The greatest of the five obstacles, the worst problem among them.
It had come — the shadow that swallowed everything, one for which a countermeasure seemed doubtful to even exist.

"......"

This was the third time he'd seen this shadow, and every time he'd encountered it, Subaru's life had been lost.
This time was no exception; from the moment this shadow appeared and reached him—

"—Oi, you, what kinda sleepy-headed thoughts you noddin' off into, huh."

In that instant, the jet-black shadow enveloping Subaru was swept aside by a single flashing stroke.

"—No way."

"Pry your eyeballs open and take a good damn look. What's 'no way' about it, you. You, your eyes even open? Open 'em and look proper. What about me's 'no way'?"

So saying, it was Reid who casually swung a knight's sword and cut the shadow down. In his hand was not chopsticks but a knight's sword — Julius's — and he let out a breath through his nose.
That a sword with no owner left should be wielded, in the 'Sword Saint's' hand, with more skill than its owner ever had — it was ironic, to say the least, but there was no room to dwell on such things.
Because the standing, stock-still Subaru's torso was sent flying by a kick from Reid's zōri sandal.

"Guh, gh"

In the narrow corridor, his floating body struck neither ceiling nor wall.
The Watchtower's structure had already collapsed entirely; he could no longer tell where the walls ended and the ceiling began. All around Subaru was an endlessly black sky, an endlessly black floor, a black world.

Everything grew incomprehensible. — No, there was a warmth stirring in his arms.

"—Uh"

Only the hot body of Ram, unconscious, knocked out, insisted upon its own existence.

"—!"

Clenching his back teeth, biting his own lip to jolt himself awake.
Just now, at the moment everything threatened to be painted entirely black, hadn't Subaru given up trying to understand the situation and tried to surrender himself to the end?
Something like that could never be permitted, not in the presence of a life living this moment with all its strength.

"—There's still something."

Even in a situation like this, there had to be something to gain.
Twice already, Subaru had been swallowed by this pitch-black demonic hand and lost his life. But both of those endings had come so abruptly there shouldn't have been time to do even this.
That he'd gotten this much time now was because of Ram's presence, still faintly asserting her life — and

"—Ha"

because of the kick from Reid, who wore a savage grin within the same shadow as Subaru.
Not that he was grateful for it, of course.

His solar plexus throbbed as though gouged out, and to begin with, the very reason there hadn't been enough time before the shadow swallowed the Watchtower was because of Reid's uninvited, unasked-for interference.
So—

"I'm gonna take you down too, absolutely. — The knight of the 'Sword Saint' I know."

"That part, at least, you finish lookin' cool as yourself to the end, small fry."

Below him, Reid, gripping the knight's sword reverse-hand, took aim at Subaru. There was distance between them, but to Reid, a gap of a few meters might as well not exist at all.
And bearing down on Reid, who had fixed his hostility upon Subaru, the jet-black shadow surged forward with redoubled force. Even that, Reid's sword-intent didn't so much as flinch at.

He hadn't been aware of it, but perhaps, in this moment, Subaru had glimpsed it.
A single scene from the legend said to have unfolded four hundred years ago, between the 'Witch' and the 'Sword Saint.'

But even mocking something like that, an unreasonable destruction and violence — that is, what was called 'Death' — closed in on Subaru—

"At least..."

Even one second longer, he wanted her to live.

With that wish folded into the gesture, Subaru clutched the body of Ram in his arms tight.
The very next moment, a torrent of light that didn't even look like a sword's flash swallowed Subaru whole—


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


—Lost each time, redone each time, sought after each time, drifting on and on.

Over and over, again and again, piling up an ending that should only ever happen once.

He found himself thinking, suddenly.

That perhaps it was a kind of happiness, having someone by his side, always, in that final moment.

If not having to face that final moment alone was what gave him the strength to stand back up.

And yet, at the same time, he also found himself thinking this:

Why was it that Natsuki Subaru could never manage to save the very person who always stayed close to him in that final moment?


※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


"......"

Clouds of dust rose all the way up to heights that shouldn't have been reachable.
From the balcony of the Pleiades Watchtower, looking down from a height of several hundred meters above the earth, a swarm of Witchbeasts surged across the ground, launching an assault to bring the Watchtower down.
Holding them at bay was Meili, fighting valiantly with her power to command Witchbeasts.

Julius had gone down to Reid on the second floor.
And Subaru and the others needed to hurry to where Emilia and the others were, surely still clashing with Lye Batenkaitos—

"Master? Is everything okay-ssu?"

Responding to Subaru's call, she tilted her head, her long black braid swaying.
On the face turning that question to him, in her eyes, there was no trace of impatience or irritation to be felt. Of course, no cunning glint suggesting she meant to deceive him could be detected either.
Whether that was an act, or her genuine feelings, he couldn't be sure, but—

"Master, are you listening-ssu? Sounds like everyone besides me and Master got caught up in something troublesome-ssu... is there anything I can do for Master-ssu?"

"Yeah. That's right... something I need you to do, huh."

"Yes-ssu! If it's something Master wants, I'll go flying awaaay through fire and water, even into the Great Waterfall itself, full of pep-ssu!"

Cheerfully, without a hint of malice, thrusting both hands into the air as she said that — Shaula.
Staring at that carefree smile of hers, Subaru turned and held his breath.

He'd come back. He'd returned to this moment once again.
What he had to do hadn't changed. There was someone he wanted to save, and an enemy he had to defeat.

So, in order for Subaru to settle without hesitation on what he needed to do, there was a necessary ritual.
And that was—

"Shaula, will you do anything I say, no matter what?"

"Course-ssu, obviously-ssu! If it's a request from Master, I'll do anything-ssu! If it's something Master's begging for, I'll even go along with somethin' a little extreme-ssu. Oh, oh, oh, could it be, Master, you've finally hit your limit with my dynamite bod-ssu? And that's why you got everyone else outta the way, so it'd just be the two of us-ssu? Oh my, oh my, oh my! Master, you—"

"—Shaula"

Wriggling, pressing her cheeks between her hands, Shaula flushed red at Subaru's words.
But Subaru paid her words no mind, staring straight at her face.
And then—


"—If I told you to die, would you die for me?"

<notes>
- Title: 「理不尽な剣の鉄槌」— 鉄槌 literally "iron hammer" (idiom for a crushing/decisive blow); rendered as "The Sword's Unreasonable Hammer-Blow."
- Shaula's sentence-final 「ッス」 is a distinctive casual copula not previously catalogued; rendered consistently as a "-ssu" suffix (analogous to the honorific-preservation convention) rather than dropped — flagging for consistency-checking against any prior chapters' handling.
- もちのろんッス (a childish/playful twist on もちろん, "of course") — the pun is not directly reproducible in English; substituted with "Course-ssu, obviously-ssu!" to preserve the enthusiastic, slightly garbled affect rather than the literal wordplay.
- お師様 (lit. "Master," a disciple's title, not a name+honorific) rendered simply as "Master," per the instruction that only honorifics attached to names are kept romanized.
- トリーシャ (Tricia) is a new/uncatalogued name not in the provided glossary — transliterated by standard convention; flag for wiki verification.
- Beatrice's two distinct sentence-enders (〜のよ vs. 〜かしら) were differentiated as "I suppose" (のよ, per style guide) and "I wonder" (かしら) to preserve the nuance that these are not identical tics.
</notes>