Arc 6 Chapter 81: "――It's an Honor to Finally Meet You"

――The 'Divine Dragon' Volcanica, through years of neglect, had reached a kind of 'death' of the mind.
To put it plainly, it had been left alone for so long that it had gone senile.

"But that kind of old-person thing is a real problem! Hey, Volcanica!"

『――You who have reached the tower's summit. You who tread the first floor, all-powerful supplicant』

"Ugh! That's no good at all!"

Emilia struck at its foreleg, calling out desperately, but all that came back was the sensation of hard scales, and beneath that, a mental barrier of forgetfulness that seemed even more unshakeable.
Like with Reid, the 'trial' of a dead man revived in his contemporary state had been quite the ordeal too, but thinking back on it now, that one almost seemed endearing by comparison.
It was practically a joke to think that violent brute Reid could come to seem endearing, but——

"At least Reid could hold a conversation, and he told me what I needed to do……"

Volcanica was nothing like that.
For Emilia, who had to clear the first floor's 'trial,' having the examiner itself gone senile was about as bad as it could possibly get.
And she needed to bring good news back to Subaru and the others as soon as possible.

"Ohh…… what do I do, what do I do, what should I do…… It's not like I can just beat Volcanica up the way I did with Reid……"

Even if that were the case, it would surely be a fearsome 'trial,' but the difference between the third and second floor trials gave Emilia pause on that thought.

The third floor, 'Taygeta,' had required using one's head to solve a posed problem.
Fortunately, that had been solvable thanks to Subaru's knowledge from beyond the Great Waterfall, but without that, it would have been terribly difficult.

And the second floor, 'Electra'—as everyone knew—had Reid Astrea himself as the obstacle.
Even that, Emilia had only won by somehow managing to land a solid knock on Reid's head, and there was an argument that she'd only succeeded because it was her first attempt.
Either way, there was no doubt that both the third and second floors had been razor-thin, hard-won victories.
So even a normal challenge was plenty difficult as it was——

"And now I can't even get the problem in the first place……"

『――I, Volcanica. By ancient covenant, I shall question the resolve of he who reaches the summit』

"Ugh! I get that part already! I want to hear what comes after!"

She hoped that if she tried a few more times, it might continue on to the next part, but she couldn't spare the time to test that.
Suppressing the urge to stamp her feet in frustration, Emilia looked around at her surroundings.
The third floor's 'trial' had taken place in a white room, with a black stone tablet that posed the questions—the thing Subaru and Julius had happily called a "monolith."
Perhaps something like that was hidden here on the first floor as well.
With Volcanica unreliable, the smart move was to search for the problem herself.

"I have to do everything I possibly can right now……!"

While keeping constant watch on Volcanica's movements, Emilia dashed off to investigate the first floor.
First, the first floor was the topmost level of the Pleiades Watchtower—positioned so high up that it couldn't be seen from below. The space had six pillars around its perimeter, and one enormous pillar at the center—Volcanica lay curled against the central pillar, and the space itself seemed to have a radius of about a hundred meters.
It felt considerably larger than the second floor, but the sheer bulk of Volcanica's presence threw off her sense of the actual scale.

"Is the ground below…… hidden from view?"

Gripping one of the pillars ringing the first floor, Emilia checked below her.
Down there, inside the tower and on the ground, Subaru and Ram and the others should be fighting hard, but a thick layer of clouds blocked her view, making it impossible to see beneath them.
Perhaps if she dove into the clouds, she might be able to reunite with her companions——

"No, doing something sneaky like climbing up from the outside like that feels like it'd get me in trouble…… No, wait, more than that—there's no way I could get above the clouds this fast just by running hard."

She didn't think her athletic ability was bad, but Emilia also had some idea of just how high the clouds and sky were.
When she was little, she couldn't grab the clouds even reaching up with her hand, and it had been the same even after she wasn't little anymore. Someone on Reinhard's level might be able to leap all the way up to the clouds, but Emilia couldn't do anything of that sort.
So it had to be that some mysterious power had brought her to the top of the tower.

"In that case, it really would be strange if the 'trial' weren't located right here!"

Emboldened by her own reasoning, Emilia went around examining the six pillars, striking them and trying to climb them. But she found no trace of anything unusual, no letters or markings.
And besides that, if there was any other possibility——

"——The big pillar in the middle, the one Volcanica's attached to."

If there was nothing on the surrounding pillars, then the most likely candidate was the large central one.
Unlike the other six, that pillar alone extended further upward, beyond even the first floor. ――Or perhaps there was something above the first floor, a place one might call the "zeroth floor."
It seemed like there might be some way to change this unchanging place, if it existed there.
However——

『――You who have reached the tower's summit. You who tread the first floor, all-powerful supplicant』

To investigate that pillar, she couldn't avoid Volcanica, who kept repeating the same words.

「――――」

She'd made up her mind to face the first floor's 'trial,' but that was a different matter from confronting Volcanica.
Keeping that tension in her chest, Emilia approached the central pillar, approached Volcanica.

"Volcanica, what am I supposed to do for the 'trial'?"

『――I, Volcanica. By ancient covenant, I shall question the resolve of he who reaches the summit』

Volcanica's answer didn't change.
Rather than disappointment or despair at that, Emilia felt something closer to relief. If Volcanica's response stayed the same, then it should be indifferent to her, the same as when she'd touched its foreleg.
Believing that, Emilia circled around to the far side of Volcanica, moving to investigate the thick pillar——

"――Eh?"

Just as she was about to touch the pillar, Emilia heard the sound of wind.
Before she could even confirm what it was, her instincts conjured a wall of ice above her head. In the next instant, an impact struck Emilia through the ice wall, sending her slender body flying.

"Kafuh!"

An impact that tore straight from her back through to her chest, Emilia coughed as she rolled violently across the floor of the first level. She braced her hands against the floor to arrest her momentum, somehow managing to stop her flying body.
What on earth had just happened—Emilia slowly raised her head and realized.

――The 'Divine Dragon's' tail, leaning against the pillar, was slowly being lowered back to the floor.

"……It hit me with its tail?"

Put into words, it was in truth an extremely simple blow.
Dragons expressing emotion with their tails was something that happened often enough between Subaru and Patrasche too. Whenever Subaru pulled some prank, Ram or Patrasche would compete to smack him for it.
But Volcanica's tail strike was nothing on the same scale as that affectionate exchange between one man and one dragon.

Only because her instinctive defense had activated did she get off this lightly—had Emilia's reaction been even a moment slower, her neck could have snapped, or her head could have been blown clean off, and it wouldn't have been strange at all.
And that, for Volcanica, was equivalent to swatting away an insect in a state of vague, hazy consciousness.
It was treatment fitting a tiny insect being tossed about beneath the feet of some colossal creature.

「――――」

Understanding that fact, a chill of cold sweat traced down Emilia's nape and spine.
But at the same time, it brought one possibility rising to the surface of her mind.

"There really is something to that pillar, isn't there."

『――――』

"You're here for the sake of the 'trial.' Even now, having forgotten what the 'trial' even is, you haven't forgotten that. That's why you keep repeating the same explanation."

Volcanica appeared to have forgotten what it was supposed to do.
And yet, that the 'Divine Dragon' still remained here, planted in place, was proof of just how unshakeable its will to keep the promise made before its mind reached its 'death' truly was.
The 'Sage,' the 'Sword Saint,' and the 'Divine Dragon,' each testing wisdom, strength, and resolve respectively.
If that was the case, then——

"――A half-hearted resolve won't do here. I'm going all-out too."

On the premise that her opponent would interfere, Emilia declared she would use force as well.
At once, the air around Emilia let out a shrieking cry, and the world slowly began to freeze over. As though attending her as their queen, ice warriors were born one after another—an extension beyond even her Icebrand Arts, a new possibility for Emilia.

She hadn't had the chance to test it within the cramped confines of the watchtower before, but with this much space and this opponent, there was no need to hold back.
Since she hadn't taught it to Subaru, it hadn't been given a name yet.
So Emilia would name it herself.

"Ice Soldiers, and Icebrand Arts……!"

Seven ice warriors given form, humanoid figures each brandishing their own weapon, brave companions accompanying Emilia into the jaws of death——

"――Here I come, Sleepyhead! If you're going to wake up, please wake up soon!"

As she spoke, Emilia, her icy armaments readied, closed in on Volcanica together with her ice warriors.
Surveying her with eyes that betrayed no emotion, Volcanica opened its mouth.

『――You who have reached the tower's summit. You who tread the first floor, all-powerful supplicant』

Its consciousness remained still buried in that unchanging, hazy distance.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


――At that same moment, Emilia was not the only one challenging an enemy whose strength surpassed her own.

One level below Emilia, who fought the senile 'Divine Dragon,' on the second floor 'Electra,' the clash of swordsmen was likewise growing ever fiercer.
Though the fact that it remained thoroughly one-sided had not wavered in the slightest.

"C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, whatsa matter, whatsa matter, whatsa matter?! I've had one o' my chopsticks taken away, down to just the one hand, y'know? And if that still ain't enough to reach me, then whaddaya call this if not playin' around, huh, huh, huh?!"

"Guh……!"

Hurling a boisterous stream of abuse, the man with the flowing red hair unleashed a ferocious kick.
The knight with the elegant profile caught it on the hilt of the knight's sword he held, and leapt back a great distance of his own accord. He couldn't kill the impact—only disperse it. And before it had fully dispersed, the next blow was already coming.
Over and over, again and again, that same cycle repeated itself on the second floor's battlefield.

And then, for the umpteenth time now, the knight was sent flying by the swordsman's strike, staggering backward a great distance, at which point the swordsman spat out, "Tch, seriously."

"A change o' mood oughta change your sword too. I've been expectin' that explosion outta you, y'know? And yet, when the hell's it ever gonna change, huh? Or maybe……"

Saying that, the red-haired swordsman—Reid—tilted his head and twisted his lips.
Sneering with an air of grand condescension toward his opponent, the swordsman of legend glared at the knight facing him.

"You gonna lose 'cause you're too hung up on manners, huh? That satisfy you, does it?"

"――You certainly do say whatever you please, don't you."

At Reid's words, the knight, who had been on the receiving end of quite a lot, softened his lips into a smile.
The knight remained composed to the last, checking the numb sensation in the knight's sword he'd blocked the kick with, meeting Reid's sharp gaze head-on.
Julius Juukulius, who had relinquished his status as a nameless knight and resolved to defy fate.

"You throw such words at me time and again. A joyless fight, overly proper swordsmanship, not enough play in it, you say…… I too have words I can recall being told in kind."

"Ha, I bet. Even if it ain't quite the same as me, I reckon anyone lookin' on would feel the same way about it. Your sword's got nothin' in it but desperation."

"……Desperation, is it."

Reid's blunt remarks surely weren't spoken from any lofty philosophy.
He was, most likely, simply saying whatever came to mind. That it happened to strike at the truth was because, even with one eye deliberately covered, those blue eyes could still see straight through everything.
Perhaps he could see the thin, flimsy ideal Julius had layered over his true, base metal.

「――――」

Glancing behind him, Julius saw the figure of the woman watching over his and Reid's battle.
The living form of the woman who was now the most precious existence in the world to Julius—but a woman whose contents had been swapped out for someone else entirely.
Though it had been beyond their control, it had been roughly two months since that incident at the water gate city——how hollow a master-and-servant relationship they had continued to maintain, the two of them.

"Come to think of it, both you and I should have opened our hearts to each other and talked things through more honestly."

"Julius……?"

"Had we been able to do that, we might have become good friends. After all, we each cherished and admired the same woman."

Putting his feelings into words, Julius charged once more at the 'Sword Saint.'
Reid readied the short, slender chopstick in his single right hand, meeting the advancing Julius head-on.

Slashing, thrusting, winding up, striking down, hammering out combination after combination.
Julius wove in feints using the hilt of his sword and his footwork at times as he pressed his attacks, and Reid parried them all with ease, without even seeming to take it seriously.

"Same old thing again, huh. How many times I gotta tell ya this ain't gonna work……"

"Even if you call this boring, this is still my sword!"

"Whoa there!"

Drowning out his own yawning assessment with a roar, Julius's sword strike met Reid's kick.
His posture thrown off by that kick, an opening appeared in Julius's guard, and Reid's chopstick strike came in at a diagonal—in that instant, Julius spun his cloak and hid himself behind it on reflex.

"Heh."

At that movement, Reid laughed and swung to cleave through the cloak, and Julius beyond it, in one stroke.
But by the time the force of the chopstick strike sent the cloak flying, Julius had already leapt straight backward, horizontally, escaping the chopstick's killing range.

"There ya go, that's it!"

"No, that's not it at all!"

"Ahn?"

Reid praised the fight for using the white garment as a decoy and casting aside the straight and narrow. But Julius immediately cast aside that praise and rushed over to the cloak that had been sent flying.
Then he picked up the cloak, torn by the chopstick strike, and draped it once more over his body.

Fastening the clasp securely, wearing his white cloak over his white uniform, embodying a knight.
He had stopped being nameless, but he would not stop being a knight.
Seeing Julius's attitude, as if to demonstrate exactly that, Reid clicked his tongue in displeasure once again.

"Listen here, when that hot number just now and the one behind you showed up, I was expectin' you to change, y'know? Comin' at me with everything you got, not carin' how you look. That's the you I wanted to see. You don't even know yourself, do ya?"

「――――」

"You're playin' at bein' all proper and knightly, but that ain't what's inside you. What's inside you is a 'stick-swinger,' same as me. It's cramped, can't stand to watch it, you."

Jabbing his chopstick toward Julius, Reid spat the words out with a sour expression.
Hearing Reid's remark, Julius closed his eyes. Then, after a moment of silence, he murmured just one word: "I see."

"I think I finally understand."

"Ahh? Understand what?"

"Why you've been so persistent with me, that is."

Even while irritated, Reid never stopped throwing words at Julius.
The method was crude, and the man himself surely had no such intention at all, but it was exactly like some elder trying to teach and guide Julius forward.
Only now did Julius finally grasp the reason Reid had been dragging him around like this.

"――You were seeing something of yourself in me, weren't you."

The reason Reid had mocked Julius again and again for his dull fighting style, his overly proper swordsmanship, was because he believed a sleeping lion lay hidden beneath the shell Julius wore.
That he himself was a lion of that sort, Julius thought, was giving him far too much credit——

"I don't know nothin' about the fine details, pretty boy. I just do what I wanna do. And my gut's tellin' me—you'd be more interestin' with a layer peeled off."

「――――」

"So that's what I'm tryin' to do. You get it too, don'tcha? Stayin' like that, you'll never reach me, and you won't look good in front o' the hot number behind ya either."

Gesturing with his chin toward Echidna, Reid drew Julius's gaze to her, and Julius let out a wry laugh.
Truly, Reid's eyes were quite something, seeing so clearly.
――That Julius Juukulius was, at bottom, just a man wanting to put up appearances. Reid understood that perfectly well.

"Precisely because of that, I will not bend from being myself."

"Whaddya say?"

"Your words are, I think, correct. There is much I can recognize in them. ……In a world where everyone has forgotten me, there was no cause to speak of it, but I am not the legitimate heir of House Juukulius."

He began to speak so that it would reach both the scowling Reid and Echidna, who bravely faced forward.
The history of Julius Juukulius that now only Natsuki Subaru remembered.

"My father fled his noble house and wed a commoner mother; I was born of the two of them. So my origins are those of a commoner. Until my parents passed and I was taken in by my uncle, my current father, I had nothing to do with the refinement of nobility……which is to say, what I am now is something I built myself."

"Sounds like an ugly cardboard cutout to me."

"Perhaps it is. My true nature is likely that crude, unrefined child who knew no ideals, who wore plain clothes rather than formal dress and ran wild across the fields laughing with friends."

Knowing no propriety, having no ideal to strive toward, simply living each day desperately.
That way of being as Julius—that should have been the future originally promised to him.
But that future was swept away into the distance by a flash flood, along with his real parents.
Precisely because of that——

"Precisely because of that, I will clothe myself as a knight. I will cling to appearances, and seal away my true self."

"You……"

"Ignorant of everything, I nonetheless encountered an ideal. ――I came to admire knights. I admired the figure of a knight, dignified and pure. And so, I will see that admiration through to the end."

Refastening the clasp of his cloak with a click, strength gathered in Julius's yellow eyes.
Reid, who had worn an irritated expression, now had it shift from annoyance to bewilderment. It was the surprise of having his own words denied, yet finding he couldn't bite back.
A man who was the very picture of unrestrained arrogance had his attention seized by Julius's words.
And so, all the more, Julius raised his voice and continued.

"I am a clumsy man. In all things, I can only start from the form. If I hold a fine sword, if I wear elegant clothes, if I speak with proper, disciplined words, I believed I could become that ideal, and so I have carried on. Precisely because of that, I will see this obstinacy through. I will hold on to my appearances."

He understood there were people who despised words like "appearances" and "vanity."
Natsuki Subaru, who came to mind just then, was surely the foremost example of such a person.
But, Julius thought, even so——

"Straightening my spine, keeping my appearance in order, dressing myself in the figure I wish to be, and making that my staff to see my will through to the end. That is the cardboard cutout I have decided to wear for all eternity."

「――――」

"There may be those who mock vanity as foolish. But I believe that, just as much, there are those who find vanity dazzling. ――Just as I have continued to yearn for the way of the knight."

He could no longer recall who it was that had first planted in him his admiration for knights.
But Julius had become a knight.

The reason Julius came to be called 'The Finest' was not solely because of the sword skill he had honed, the spiritual arts he had polished, and the strength of ability those things underpinned.
It was because people came to feel that the very way Julius Juukulius carried himself was the way of a knight.
Because his vanity-driven bearing shone dazzling as what it meant to be "the finest," "excelling," "knight."

Declaring that firmly, Julius loosened his lips into a smile and turned back toward Echidna.
To her, who borrowed the form of the beloved master he revered, Julius gave a small shake of his head. ――To her, who had grieved to the depths of her heart at having been unable to remember Julius.
To convey to her that there was no need at all for her to carry such guilt.

"There was never any need to fear being forgotten, to regret it, to grieve over it. Because I exist within the way of chivalry that everyone knows, that everyone yearns for."

And the very same held true for the 'them' present here as well.

"I am sorry, for all this time, my buds. Clinging to a bond that had been lost, refusing to let you go, I made you carry such uneasy feelings all this while. From that yoke, I now set you free."

Drawn out by Julius's whisper, made visible were faint lights shining in vivid hues—the beautiful spirits asserting six different attributes, Julius Juukulius's quasi-spirits.
Presences that had been by his side even before Julius Juukulius became a knight, ones too dear to part with.

They too had forgotten Julius, whose 'name' had been stolen by the Authority of 'Gluttony.'
And yet, drawn by the unbreakable contract formed between spirit and contractor, and by the power of Julius's innate Divine Protection of Gathering Spirits, they had remained near without drawing close.
Julius too had believed that once his 'name' was restored, their bond could be restored as well, and so he had not tried to let them go.

How foolish that had been.
Because everything else had changed so utterly, he must have wanted to keep what remained from changing.
But——

"My buds, who so often stayed close by my former self. I indulged in your affection, clinging in vain to that lingering warmth, unwilling to let go. I kept hoping, that without anything happening, I could return to those days. ――I now relinquish that weak, pitiful, unbecoming self."

As if bewildered, the six quasi-spirits swayed as they circled around Julius.
Toward them, Julius gently extended his arm. Like a perch held out, the quasi-spirits gathered there gradually at the sight of it.
And then, to the faint lights alighting on his arm, Julius smiled.

"There was a part of me that feared change. But there are things that cannot be gained without the resolve to lose something. For instance—the blooming of a bud named affection. A future where I see with my own eyes what petals the buds that have long stayed by my side will open into."

『――――』

They gave no answer.
And yet, it seemed as though they anticipated what was about to happen.
And so, Julius acted accordingly——.

"My buds! I shall set you free. Forgive me, for clinging so long to a bond that had already spilled away."

At those words, the quasi-spirits encircling Julius's arm scattered as if flung away.
It was a sensation so sharp it seemed almost to carry an impact, piercing through only Julius and the quasi-spirits, like a stroke of lightning.

The bond that had truly existed, the connection, the contract binding soul to soul, was severed.
It was a pain and grief only a Spiritual Arts User could understand—the loss of a being truly bound soul to soul.

Julius did not know it, but Emilia had once wept and collapsed from that very same pain.
And now Julius, all at once, experienced parting from six spirits by his own hand, carving a wound into his soul.
A twisting sensation clawed through his chest, and Julius tasted the peeling away of soul from soul.

It was a pain fundamentally different from when the buds had forgotten him through the Authority of 'Gluttony.'
Not only Julius but the quasi-spirits too must have tasted that same pain, and surely felt regret.
They might have cursed the wound carved into their souls, thinking they never should have formed a contract with a human at all.
But——

"――And having done that, I now call upon you once more."

『――――』

"I love you. If you will accept the courtship of this vain man, then let us bind ourselves anew. ――A new contract, between myself and you!!"

Julius cried out loudly, raising skyward the arm he had once lowered.
Hearing that plea, the quasi-spirits that had scattered as if flung away flickered silently, just once, for a single second.

Hesitation, and deliberation—it lasted only that one second.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


Warm light enveloped Julius Juukulius's entire body.
It seeped gently, faintly, into the wound carved into his soul by the severing of the contract.

There had been joy. There had been anger. There had been sorrow. There had been affection. There had been hatred too.
All those countless emotions—more than ten years' worth, shared between Julius and them.

Setting that aside once, undoing it, they would weave a new future together again.
Whether this was the right answer, he did not know. But he wanted to make it the right answer.

He might err, again and again.
He might not always be able to choose the right path; he might make mistakes.

But each time, he would shape himself anew.
Even if he erred, he was not alone. He was not solitary.

If he sought to move forward, there were the splendid ideals that his predecessors had built before him.
If his feet threatened to stop, there was the warmth of the buds who had watched over him so lovingly all this while.
And if he looked beside himself, there was the profile of his liege, to whom he had sworn to offer the convictions that had shaped him.

What, from here on, could possibly be said to frighten Julius Juukulius?

"――That's right, isn't it. My beautiful maidens, in the full bloom of your flowering."

To that single call, an answer came from six buds—no, from maidens now blossomed into flower.
And light was born——.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


"From here on as well, deeply, gently, wounding one another along the way, I shall walk this path."

The pain of the severed contract was healed by the bond reforged.
Wrapped in six lights, more mystical now than ever before, Julius Juukulius looked ahead.

There stood the figure of the summit he had admired as one who shattered himself upon the sword.
And yet, Julius Juukulius's true longing lay in a place different from that summit.
And so, he felt no hesitation in cutting his way toward that longing with a rainbow's light.

"I've kept you waiting, 'Sword Saint' Reid Astrea. ――It's an honor to finally meet you."

Sweeping aside his knight's sword, Julius gripped his cloak and offered an elegant bow.
Then, raising his face, becoming wholly that 'thing' he most admired in this world, he gave his name.

"――I am the 'Finest Knight,' Julius Juukulius. I am the sword of the Kingdom that shall cut you down."

<notes>
- Title: literal reading of お初にお目にかかる is a formal greeting idiom ("It's my first time meeting you" / "a pleasure to meet you for the first time"). Rendered as "It's an Honor to Finally Meet You" to capture both the formality and the sense that Julius is meeting Reid anew as his true self; the closing line renders the same phrase as "It's an honor to finally meet you."
- レイドの目には全てが透けて見える / 青びょうたン ("blue-faced squash" — a Japanese insult for a pale, inexperienced-looking person) rendered as "pretty boy," adapting the insult's flavor rather than translating literally, since a literal "blue gourd-face" would be opaque in English.
- ハリボテ (papier-mâché prop/facade) rendered as "cardboard cutout" for naturalness.
- レイド's dialect/slang speech (オメエ, ンだ, etc.) rendered in rough, dropped-g colloquial English to preserve his brash, uneducated-sounding register.
- 蕾 ("bud(s)") used by Julius as an affectionate term for his quasi-spirits, kept literal ("buds") since it pays off with "blossomed... maidens" later in the passage.
</notes>