Scorpion Tale Chapter 5: "Leilani Alnair"

1

　——The Witch Cult's Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Leilani Alnair, believes with unshakable conviction that she is the most wretched, the most feeble, the most pitiable being in all the world.

　First, having been born a woman, she pitied herself for never being able to match a man in station or in bodily strength.
　Next, having been born ugly, she pitied herself for never receiving another's affection or favor.
　Furthermore, having been born to a poor house, she pitied herself for being robbed of any chance at education.
　In turn, having been born an ordinary creature without talent, she pitied herself for being forced into blind, groping effort.
　In addition, having been born with a frail body, she pitied herself for being kept at a distance from healthy daily life.
　Still more, having been born into a cold-hearted age, she pitied herself for never knowing the warmth of human feeling.
　And then, having been born a solitary existence, she pitied herself for a fate in which no one would ever understand her.

　Pity was the sediment steeped into her soul, a thing that could never be cut away from Leilani's life no matter how one tried.
　And so, even now, when Leilani Alnair has taken to a Witch Factor and been chosen as the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, she believes with unshakable conviction that she is a being who deserves to be pitied.
　A woman. An ugly woman. A poor, ugly woman. An untalented, poor, ugly woman. A sickly, untalented, poor, ugly woman. A sickly, untalented, poor, ugly woman no one has ever been kind to. A sickly, untalented, poor, ugly woman no one has ever understood and no one has ever been kind to——that is Leilani Alnair.

　——And so Leilani's Authority, "Overeating," forces that pity upon others.

"Unworthy, inept, insolent, irresponsible, impertinent, unruly, immoral, inadequate, undiscerning, unclean, unsanitary, impure, ill-mannered, unaccomplished, unseemly, unsuccessful, incomplete, unskilled, unsightly, unattractive, ungainly, unfaithful, insincere, unsuitable, unprepared, inattentive, irresolute, unlearned, ignorant, indistinct, unpleasant, unreasonable, irrational, irregular, dishonorable, base, mediocre, foolish, idiotic, vacuous, defective, incompetent, servile, worthless——such is the humble self I am, if it please you."

　Leilani, the woman most deserving of pity in all the world, is made light of by every thing, is scorned, is regarded as a being of no consequence, and is pitied.
　And as a result of being pitied so, Leilani leaves a small bite wound upon that person's life. The wound seeps in slowly, but surely; it swells, and the marks of those teeth sink deeper. Like a sore that has opened inside one's mouth, it lingers endlessly upon the other's soul as a trivial wrongness——

"——And in time, your honored heart, the course of your honored life, is painted over with my unworthy self."

　First, the people in trivial, inconsequential memories are painted over into Leilani.
　Next, the people in memories that leave an impression when recalled are painted over into Leilani.
　Furthermore, the people in cherished memories that stir the emotions anew are painted over into Leilani.
　In turn, the people in memories that gouged deep claw marks into one's life are painted over into Leilani.
　In addition, the people in memories indispensable to the path one has walked are painted over into Leilani.
　Still more, the people in memories of unstinting love received are painted over into Leilani.
　And then, the people in memories bound up with one's very reason for existing are painted over into Leilani.

　For those whose lives have been painted over by Leilani's "Overeating," every precious existence they possess is replaced by "Leilani," and their memories are overwritten.
　To those Leilani has "Overeaten," Leilani is friend, is beloved teacher, is lover, is family, is the single most important being in all the world.
　And so, for Leilani's sake, they will not hesitate to offer up their lives. They will shield her with their bodies from any foe, throw themselves away in her service, and love her until their souls burn out.

"Each and every one of them was a person possessed of a heart generous enough to pity a woman such as myself."

　Leilani's purpose in coming to the Augria Sand Dunes lay in the Pleiades Watchtower——or rather, beyond it, in the shrine where the Witch of Envy is sealed. She knew that countless obstacles, crises, and hardships would fall upon her before she could reach it, but Leilani did not take them lightly.
　She was the being most fit to be pitied in all the world; she could afford no such luxury.
　And so Leilani challenged the Augria Sand Dunes with a hundred and fifty dragon carriages and nine hundred people who cherished and pitied her. ——The result could only be called a catastrophe.
　The nine hundred Pitiers scattered into the sand one after another, and the hundred and fifty earth dragons fell miserably as well. They threw away their lives in desperation, determined to protect Leilani whatever it took, but it was all for nothing.
　The cruel sea of sand swallowed up the Pitiers' good sense, and at last Leilani's own life was a candle guttering in the wind.
　And so Leilani Alnair, the most pitiable woman in the world, was on the very verge of losing her life there——

"Well, it's easier on me if you just stay put like that, so no complaints here."

　When she heard that voice, when her life was saved, Leilani was certain of it. ——Even fate itself felt pity for this woman, the most deserving of pity in all the world.

2

　The days spent with Shaula, who called her role that of "Star Watcher" and put on airs as the tower's overseer, were for Leilani an accumulation of pain that deserved to be pitied.
　Shaula possessed not the slightest trace of anything like human sentiment, and never displayed so much as a fragment of the mercy that ought to be given freely to a weakling deserving of pity——consideration, concern, any of it. Reduced to the shameful, unbecoming circumstance of having to ask for such courtesies herself, Leilani found herself pitiable beyond bearing.
　——However, no matter how foolish a creature Shaula was, she was not exempt from "Overeating."
　Surely, gradually, that airheaded Shaula's memories were being "Overeaten" by Leilani. Everyone she had met over the course of her life, everyone she had loved or loathed, nurtured bonds with, exchanged love with——their faces, their voices, their scents, every last thing about them was being painted over into "Leilani," and Leilani could tell that the way Shaula treated her had changed.
　The trigger for that influence was, beyond any doubt, the presence of the infants in Leilani's belly.
　Leilani's Authority, so difficult to use that it deserved pity in itself, required a long span of time to "Overeat" a target. The further "Overeating" progressed, the larger Leilani's presence grew within the other person——but before that point, the target would not feel so much as pity for Leilani.
　Which meant that, for Leilani, the beings she found most dangerous and most difficult to handle were precisely the sort like Shaula, with whom neither conversation nor common sense held any currency.
　Against such targets, Leilani was nothing but a pitifully powerless woman. ——And that was where the great swell of Leilani's belly, the proof of an expectant mother, proved its worth.
　Strange as it was, people found it terribly easy to feel excessive pity for that creature called a pregnant woman.
　She had honestly been surprised that such logic worked even on Shaula, but this time as well, Leilani was pitied without incident, and came to invoke the Authority of "Overeating."
　This, too, was the achievement of Leilani's infants——the babies she had kept within her womb by sheer force of will for over three years now, in order to remain forever a pregnant woman, a being to be pitied; and multiples, by the feel of them. Though the infants in question, as if they knew nothing of their pitiable mother's pains, foolishly kicked at her belly from the inside again and again, ceaselessly demanding to be let out, out, out.
　The feelings of a pitiable mother saddled with children who understood nothing of a parent's heart——of that, the infants knew nothing at all.
　In this world, all manner of injustice and absurdity comes raining down whether one wills it or not. There is no event more pitiable than to be born into such a place. As their mother, Leilani was keeping her children in her womb out of the pity she felt for them from the bottom of her heart.
　Pitiably enough, that prayer of Leilani's still failed utterly to reach the children kicking at her belly.
"Leilaniii~, grub's ready~. If I taste-test it there'll be less for you, so do your own taste-testing, 'preciate it~."
　In that drawn-out voice, Shaula, who had been boiling a pot for Leilani's sake, called over to her.
　Unlike in the early days, Shaula's attitude toward Leilani had softened considerably. Conversing with her had been a drain on the nerves back when she made no effort to hide her careless, brusque manner and treated Leilani as an outright nuisance to her face——but that Shaula, the one who had treated a pitiable pregnant woman so coldly, was gone now.
　——"Overeating" had progressed, and the overwriting of the greater part of Shaula's memories was already complete.
　In the recollections she held, in nearly every last scene, there was a "Leilani," and the entrances and exits of her every emotion were stopped up by "Leilani." Surely there were even scenes in which multiple "Leilanis" were present at once, yet Shaula never noticed.
　That was not because Shaula was especially stupid. ——It was not just her; it was true of anyone.
　No one could ever notice the effects of Leilani's Authority of "Overeating." No one is capable of doubting the precious memories held within themselves.
　Least of all could they doubt that those memories had been brought about by some inconsequential, pitiable woman.
"Leilaniii?"
　At Shaula, who tilted her head and called for her with that idiot's face on full display, Leilani smiled with profound pity.
　Many things take a dark satisfaction in extending a hand to a pitiable woman. Shaula, too, could not resist that delight so many creatures harbor. She was captured, bound, and devoured whole.
　Rising from the bed Shaula had rigged up out of blankets and the wreckage of a broken dragon carriage, Leilani, through "Overeating," pitied Shaula for pitying the Leilani who deserved pity.
　——The Gospel had indicated to Leilani that she was to go to the shrine of the Witch of Envy.
　As with all Witch Cultists, it never occurred to Leilani, Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, to defy what was written in the Gospel. The Gospel had, indeed, brought her glad tidings——the glad tidings that she would go on being a being deserving of pity.
　And so, in order to observe what the Gospel had written, Leilani had prepared nine hundred "Overeaten" people and challenged the sea of sand. Those nine hundred who pitied Leilani, and the hundred and fifty earth dragons, had been wiped out to the last——but the foolish "Star Watcher" she had obtained in their place ought to be more than enough to fill their role.
　Devoured whole by "Overeating," Shaula was by now ruled by her pity for Leilani.
　And so——"——Shaula-sama."
"Hm~? What's up?"
　Though Leilani called to her that way, still seated on the bed, Shaula did not stir. Leilani was a pregnant woman; she was appealing to be pitied and helped up at once, and yet this fool could not take a hint.
　Without letting a trace of that pity show, Leilani gently stroked her swollen belly and said,
"To be permitted the mercy of one so kind and so generous as yourself makes my unworthy self a happy woman quite beyond what I deserve. After all, you hold inept little me first and foremost in your honored thoughts."
"——Huh? Nope, I don't."
"Eh."
　——A white light pierced her through.

3

"——Ah."
　The feel of sand took her feet out from under her, and she pitched forward onto the spot. ——She could not take another step. Her strength and her will alike burned out, nothing left to do but wait for death: Leilani pitied herself from the bottom of her heart.
　It had been an act of violence utterly beyond her understanding.
　What, then, had that slack, easy face of hers been all this while? Shaula had turned on her without warning, and in that final moment, the eyes with which she ran Leilani through with light had held no feeling at all.
　Not anger. Not killing intent. With eyes purged of every last emotion, she had shot Leilani down.
　And then she had carried the mortally wounded Leilani out of the tower and cast her away into the sea of sand.
"——Ih."
　Barely able to breathe, letting the sand drink the blood gushing from her pierced body, Leilani pitied herself for suffering under Shaula's contemptible deed.
　After going so far, Shaula had not finished Leilani off. She had flung her out into the sea of sand as she was, yet she had left a pack of food and water beside her. And yet she would not carry Leilani to human habitation, much less call for help.
　It made no sense. ——No, it did. She understood it, and understanding, she pitied herself.
"——Uh."
　She would not kill her. She would not let her live, either. It was a shameful wager that kept her own hands from being cruelly stained, entrusting only the final decision to the heavens. ——How pitiable Leilani was.
"——Eh."
　The blood pouring out of her was Leilani's very life itself. When it ran dry, the pitiable Leilani's life would scatter miserably into the sand. That truth had reached the infants within her swollen womb as well, thrashing more wildly than ever, trying to kick their way out of her uterus. The infants, panicking at their mother's peril, had realized it too. At this rate, they would be dragged down with her.
"——Oh."
　Naturally, if Leilani died, the children in her womb would die. Or rather, they might be dead already. The blow of light Shaula had loosed had bored clean through beneath Leilani's chest.
　It would be no wonder at all if that strike——which surely had no reason behind it beyond being a convenient target——had taken the lives of the multiples who had never known the outside world. If any of the children had died, that was pitiable; but in the end it was only a difference of sooner or later, and it came nowhere near Leilani's own pitiableness.
　After all, she had kin of her own blood this very close at hand, and they were nothing but infants in her womb who would not lift a finger to help her——was there anything more pitiable than that?
　Truly, Leilani was the most pitiable woman in all the——"——Hey! It is a person! There's someone collapsed out here! She's still alive!"
　All at once, a man's voice, thick and frantic, struck hard against the ear of the self-pitying Leilani.
　The sense of someone rushing toward her, the sound of feet kicking through sand. A pair of powerful arms came right up beside her and hauled her body roughly upright, and as Leilani gasped in agony, an unfamiliar face swam into her dim, blurred field of vision.
　Not Shaula. A man. And the man was not alone; there was the sense of several others hurrying over as well. Every one of them wore the face of someone pitying a woman with fatal wounds.
　In that fact, Leilani felt that fate had taken pity on her and extended its hand.
　Of course, of course——it was only natural that even fate should pity the most pitiable woman in the world——"Terrible wounds... and, don't tell me she's pregnant? This is bad... she needs treatment!"
　The man shouted, firing off instructions to those around him. Hearing the word "treatment," Leilani grasped that the man had some training in healing magic, and rejoiced at this further mercy from fate.
　In contrast to Leilani's rejoicing, the man grimaced as though lamenting, "Damn it!" and said,
"One of them's gone, it's dead...! But another one... no, two of them are alive!"
"———"
"The babies... no, should I prioritize her...?"
　In the course of checking the state of her wounds, the man had noticed the children in her womb, and spoke his hesitation aloud. From his tone, Leilani immediately understood that there was no way to save both mother and children. Understanding it, Leilani wrung out every ounce of strength she had and seized the man's arm on reflex.
"——Nngh," the man said, eyes going wide; and as those eyes peered down into hers, Leilani made her voice tremble out.
"Th-the, ba... by..."
　At that halting, broken plea, the man's eyes widened further.
　That's right——the babies don't matter at all. What do I care about lives that haven't even been born? Save the pitiable woman here in front of you. Save the pitiable Leilani, who is about to breathe her last. Babies can be made again as long as their mother is alive. She didn't even know who the father was to begin with; they were nothing but the seed of some man who had pitied Leilani, mere accessories for drawing out more pity.
　And yet——"——! Ahh... ahh, I understand! Of course I do! I'll save them! Your babies——I won't let your babies die!"
　In that instant, a fire of fierce resolve was lit in the eyes of the man who had misread Leilani's plea as a dying mother wringing out her last for love of her children.
"That's not... nn, I... me..."
　She twisted her body desperately, trying to correct his mistake. It was useless. Leilani's body, drained of too much blood, would not obey her, and her throat was stopped up with welling blood, so that her plea was churned into an ugly gurgling noise and never came out as words. And while it went unsaid——a searing pain, as though her brain were being stirred directly, assailed her, and Leilani's consciousness went white.
"———"
　Her belly was being cut open. The hole already there in her stomach was being widened, and the sensation of her organs being shoved aside came one after another; in exchange for Leilani's life, the infants were dragged out into the world.
　At that pain, at that sense of loss, at that despairing agony, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony screamed.
　Stop stop stop "——Aaaaaaaah" stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop "——Igiiih" stop stop stop stop stop stop stop "——Ugo, gi, guge" stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop "——Eah, eah, eah" stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop "——Oh, oh" stop stop stop stop——.
　Shrieking, writhing, sobbing, howling herself hoarse, Leilani begged the world for its pity.
　But it did not stop. ——The hands of the man determined to see a mother's love through to the end did not stop.
"————"
　And at last, as that screaming trailed away, there reached the ears of the pitiable woman whose true feelings no one had understood until the very final instant of her death the first cries of two baby boys being born into the world.
　In the man's arms, the two infants newly granted life in this world saw off the mother dying in exchange for them, raising cries that sounded almost like pity for her. ——Children who, from the very moment of their birth, had committed the mortal sin of killing their mother and devouring her life: her own children, gluttonous to the utmost.
　Hearing those first cries from far away, Leilani Alnair pitied herself.

　——Truly, she had been the most pitiable woman in the world, she thought, pitying herself with her own self to the last.

<notes>
- Title: the source reads 第五章『レイラニ・アルナイル』 with no chapter number after 第五章, so "Arc 5 Chapter #" could not be filled in; rendered as "Arc 5 Chapter:" with the title. Worth checking against the source's actual numbering.
- 『過食』 (Leilani's Authority) is rendered "Overeating" to keep it distinct from 暴食 "Gluttony" (her Sin Archbishop title). Not a catalogued wiki term as far as I can tell; the final line's 『暴食』極まりない wordplay ties the two together and is rendered "gluttonous to the utmost."
- 憐士《れんし》 ("renshi") is a coined term for her pity-enthralled followers; rendered "Pitiers." Transliteration "Renshi" is an alternative if the wiki has a standing form.
- 星番 rendered "Star Watcher" per common usage for Shaula's self-assigned role; flagging in case the wiki uses another form.
- The long 不〜 chain is a single run of words all sharing the prefix 不; reproduced as a run of English negative-prefixed adjectives (un-/in-/ir-/im-) to preserve the effect. Individual word-for-word correspondence is approximate past roughly the midpoint.
- 残酷な砂海は憐士たちの賢明さを呑み込み — 賢明さ ("wisdom/prudence") is an odd choice in context (one might expect "devotion"); translated literally as "good sense."
- The screams in section 3 run through the Japanese vowel order あ・い・う・え・お, echoing the earlier single-syllable interjections "——あ" through "——お" that open each beat of the section. Both sequences are rendered as Ah/Ih/Uh/Eh/Oh to preserve the pattern.
- 「あ、かんぼ、う……」 — Leilani is trying to say the babies don't matter; the man hears it as a plea to save them. The English "Th-the, ba... by..." preserves the ambiguity.
</notes>