Arc 7 Chapter 6: "A Land Far to the South"

"Hey, what was the scariest thing that ever happened to you as a traveling merchant?"

"What kind of question is that? You're asking unpleasant things again..."

Otto, who had been locked in a staring contest with paperwork in his own room, scowled at Subaru's question.
His brow had already been furrowed at the documents, but with the effect of the question, the depth of that furrow doubled, then doubled again.

"Nah, I was talking with Garfiel about traveling alone and stuff. It's a slightly different vibe, but a traveling merchant is basically the same as a solo traveler, right?"

"I suppose you could say that, but in my case I have Frufoo. Thanks to my Divine Protection I never lack for someone to talk to, so I don't feel much like a solo traveler."

Saying so, Otto rubbed his eyes and set the documents down on his desk. Then he looked over at the visitors seated across from him on the reception sofa, in front of the desk piled high with paperwork—Subaru and Garfiel, who had a Shatranj board spread out between them.
On the board, Subaru had the advantage, but it was a give-and-take sort of battle.

"...Garfiel, advance your merchant two spaces."

"Ah! You bastard, Otto!"

"Hm? Ohh! So that's how it is! I owe you my life, Bro Otto!"

Subaru and Garfiel each reacted to Otto pointing out the best move at a glance. Leaving Subaru, now in a tough spot from that one move, off to the side, Otto muttered "even so" and continued,

"Garfiel, are you interested in traveling alone?"

"If you're askin' whether I'm interested or not, sure, I'm interested. Thing is, I was always cooped up in the 'Sanctuary,' so I ain't never done any travelin'."

"Ah, I see. So it really is just curiosity. Well, Garfiel, you seem to meet the standard for both self-sufficiency and self-defense. Natsuki-san, on the other hand, would be absolutely hopeless."

"Hey now, don't underestimate me too much. I've been getting some nice compliments on my progress lately, y'know?"

"They probably decided to go with the 'praise to improve' policy. It seemed like they couldn't decide whether to praise you or scold you."

Otto's comment was gentle toward Garfiel and harsh toward Subaru.
In practice, given that Garfiel is someone who disciplines himself strictly while Subaru easily gets carried away, it's probably the correct approach for each.
Anyway—

"So, what was the scariest thing that happened to you as a traveling merchant?"

"You're still on that?"

"Boss might just be curious for curiosity's sake, but I'm interested too, Bro Otto. Like, what'd make Bro Otto think somethin's scary—did a dragon get tangled up with you or somethin'?"

"What exactly do you two think I am!?"

Unless it's that level of emergency, you can't back Otto into a corner.
Garfiel's trust in Otto, built on that assumption, is a bit excessive, but in terms of ability to handle crisis situations, Subaru's assessment of Otto is about the same.
If you asked everyone in the group who was the scariest, they'd probably unanimously name Otto.

"Well, I can't really picture a situation like that, but..."

"What are you muttering about... I've had a few dangerous moments in my life, but being taken captive by a dangerous group is probably the worst."

"Dangerous folks? Did bandits attack you or somethin'?"

"—. Well, something like that. Separated from Frufoo and my dragon carriage, bound up with no weapons or tools, I was resigned to death."

Hearing Otto's mutter, his gaze distant, Subaru and Garfiel looked at each other.
He must have tasted considerable fear. There was more weight to Otto's words than the situation alone would suggest.

"That's about as bad as it gets. That's the 'Deku Plateau, no allies in sight' situation right there."

"That's really how it was. If some kind people hadn't happened to pass by, I wouldn't be alive today. —Which is why I can't forget it."

"I see, huh. Everyone's got their own history."

Crossing his arms, nodding along, Subaru thought about Otto's ordeal.
Being bound by bandits, stripped of tools, entrusting the right to live or die to someone else—it's not something that happens to Subaru often, but it's not something he has zero familiarity with either.

"Still, it's thanks to being saved that the Otto of today exists. You've gotta be grateful to the people who happened to pass by back then, right?"

"—. Yes, indeed."

"—? What's with that lukewarm response, it's creepy."

Otto's reaction was completely unexpected, so Subaru frowned. Even to Subaru's response, Otto maintained a strangely composed, Buddha-like posture.
While Subaru felt a chill run down his spine, Garfiel clenched his fist and said "But still—"

"I get that Bro Otto went through somethin' rough. Well, don't worry. From now on, I ain't gonna let Bro Otto go through somethin' like that."

"Is that so? Ah, Garfiel really is quite reliable. Compared to that, Natsuki-san, on the other hand..."

"Don't compare me and Garfiel on physical strength! You're gonna make me feel like all the effort I'm putting in right now is worthless!"

Subaru made a gesture of cracking an invisible whip with his empty hands. Garfiel mimed biting through it with his fangs, leaving Subaru to taste helplessness.
As Subaru groaned "Grnnn...!" and Garfiel looked triumphant, Otto watched the two of them and let out a weak "Ha" of breath before saying,

"Garfiel, advance your merchant diagonally to the right. Let's show them the true power of the merchant."

"Ah! Y-you bastard, Otto, you son of a—!!"

"Hm? Ohh! Ain't this it, then! Boss, you're weak!!"

"Look who's talking!!"

Across the Shatranj board, Subaru howled together with his cornered army. Total defeat before the combined forces of Garfiel and Otto was inevitable—it was, quite literally, the howl of a defeated dog.


△▼△▼△▼△


—Captive.

Hearing that one word, what flashed through Subaru's mind was that idle chat from one such evening.
Stripped of weapons and tools, robbed of freedom, captured by someone whose nature is unknown. Indeed, just as Otto had said, it was a situation where one should naturally resign oneself to "death."

"——"

Looking around, the place where Subaru was being held captive resembled a military encampment, the kind built for battle that you'd see in a historical drama.
He could see numerous tents lined up, along with armor and weapons waiting to be equipped. The men moving about had an intimidating air, and it looked like a mixed army of humans and Demi-Humans.
Subaru was made to sit on hard ground, in a spot where a simple screen had been set up to block the wind. His hands were bound behind his back, and his feet were restrained too, robbing him of freedom.
However, what mattered more to Subaru than any of that was—

"Rem... there was a girl with me. What happened to her?"

"Oh, the first thing you worry about after being told you're a captive is a girl? I take it she's someone important to you?"

At Subaru's quiet question, the man crouched in front of him—the young man who had apparently stopped the rough one who'd shoved a boot in Subaru's mouth—closed one eye.
He was a young man with bright orange hair, a bit older than Subaru. He wore an easygoing smile, but given the circumstances, it didn't do anything to ease the tension.
He wasn't wearing armor, but he was dressed in light gear meant for equipping armor over, so he was likely one of the warriors of this encampment too. —Not a knight, but a warrior.

"——"

Having spent over a year in another world, however imperfectly, Subaru had had several opportunities to compare knights and warriors side by side. Of course there were differences in status and authority, but beyond such practical matters, there was a visible difference between knights and warriors.
Knights are showy; warriors are rugged—not in a bad sense. It's a difference in what's demanded of them.
A knight must, of course, have skill, but must also put people's hearts at ease. In that respect, a certain outward integrity is unavoidably necessary. Reinhard and Julius are good proof of that.
Warriors, on the other hand, need only the strength to fight.

Hence, the men gathered at this encampment were warriors, and the young man before him was no exception.

"...I'll ask again. Where's the girl who was with me?"

"Stubborn, huh. Not that I dislike it. ...She's fine, she's fine. Both of them are doing well. A little too well, even."

"—! Really!?"

The young man gave a wry smile at his own answer, and Subaru leaned forward eagerly at it.
Seeing Subaru lean in, eager for the answer he'd wanted to hear, the young man said "Whoa there" and pressed a hand to his forehead, stopping him from leaning any further.

"Your hands and feet are tied. If you get too worked up you'll topple over and bite your tongue, you know? Ah, don't glare at me like that. Both of them are fine, no lie."

"Cut it out with the half-baked 'both of them' answer. As long as the girl with blue hair is fine, that's all I need."

"That's a pretty cold answer!?"

It was his unvarnished true feeling, but telling the young man that wouldn't accomplish anything.
In any case, taking the young man's words at face value for now, the next problem was Subaru and company's position. He'd said earlier that Subaru had been taken captive, but—

"It's hard to accept that I'm a captive, but say I accept it... why am I being kept apart from Rem and the others?"

"If you want to see her, I'll let you later. As long as you're honest in answering our questions. ...Those girls are in a cell right now."

"A cell!? Why would you do something like that!?"

At the mention of a cell, a harsh situation immediately flashed through Subaru's mind. But as Subaru tried to press for more details on the matter, sharp pain shot through his left hand, through the three fingers still broken.
"Guah...!" Sparks scattered before his eyes, and behind Subaru, who was gritting his teeth, a man with an eyepatch over one eye was grinding his boot into the injured part of his bound hands.
The man roughly trampled Subaru's broken fingers underfoot and said,

"Been listenin' to you for a while now, and you sure don't act like someone who's a captive. You're supposed to just answer what you're asked, ain't that right? Huh?"

"Jamal, stop it! He'll pass out again!"

"What pisses me off is you don't understand your position. As long as your head's fine, you can talk. If three fingers are already broken, might as well break the other two..."

"—Jamal."

The man trampling Subaru's hand underfoot—Jamal—spat this out with a wicked grin, but the young man's suddenly quiet voice, calling his name, cut through.
Hearing it, Jamal held his breath, then reluctantly withdrew his foot, saying "Fine."

"Guh, gu...!"

"Tch. Be grateful to Todd. This is disgusting."

Spitting this out at Subaru, who was finally able to breathe again now that his broken finger was released, Jamal turned his back and stalked irritably away from the tent.
As his footsteps receded, the young man—Todd—scratched his own head, saying "Geez," and continued,

"Sorry about that. Jamal's on edge. It was his unit that found you two by the water, but..."

"But...?"

"Seems your traveling companion put up quite a fight there. Half his unit's out of commission, and their captain lost all face."

"Ahh..."

Grasping roughly what must have happened, Subaru wanted to hold his head in his hands too.
It must have happened after they crawled up from the water and Subaru lost consciousness. Rem, waking up first, must have beaten down Jamal and his companions when they showed up. That's why Jamal was in such a foul mood.
At a glance, Rem was a lovely girl who couldn't move her legs, so there was no reason to blame Jamal and the others for allowing a preemptive strike. No reason, but—

"I... hate that guy..."

"Ha, what a coincidence. I'm not too fond of him either. Anyway, we've gotten off track. Your fingers?"

"They're broken. ...The pain's gotten a bit better, though."

Even so, the throbbing pain refused to let up, but Subaru clenched his back teeth and temporarily shut out the weakness of groaning in pain. He'd deal with the accumulated debt of pain later, whenever time allowed—for now, what mattered was the matter at hand.

"Todd, was it?"

"Heh, you were listening well. That's right, Todd. So, a question from Todd here. Like I said before..."

"I should just answer honestly, right? ...What do you want to know?"

Natsuki Subaru was, in the end, nothing but a lowly otherworlder.
He didn't know any way to cross between worlds, and unfortunately he lacked the specialized knowledge for the "cheat knowledge" that's practically standard fare for otherworld stories. Nothing, nothing at all—if you dug deep enough into it, it would bring him to tears.

"What could someone like me, in my position, possibly answer, I wonder?"

"What kind of self-deprecation is that supposed to be. Well, it's a long shot, but there's just one thing I want to ask for now. —Are you one of the 'People of Shudrak'?"

"...Shudo-what?"

It was a pretentious question from the young man—Todd—but it was a word Subaru had never heard before.
But hearing Subaru's reaction to being asked back, Todd put a hand to his forehead, saying "See, just as I thought."

"That reaction tells me. You've got nothing to do with them."

"Hold on, wait a second. I haven't answered anything yet. Isn't it a bit early to jump to conclu—"

"No it's not. Nobody lies when asked about their clan. Not even people who've never heard of it. And if someone claims to be one of the 'People of Shudrak,' nobody's going to believe it."

"——"

It was a decisive way of putting it, but it didn't sound like a bluff.
There was persuasive force in the way Todd spoke with such confidence, and Subaru couldn't push back.
But if that's so—

"Who exactly are these 'People of Shudrak'?"

"The ones we're searching for. Somewhere in that huge forest... the Buddheim Jungle."

Having answered the question, Todd pointed behind Subaru. But with his hands and feet bound, Subaru couldn't easily turn around. So, saying "Can't be helped," Todd put a hand on his shoulder and turned him around. And then—

"—The Buddheim Jungle."

"This whole area, it's all forest. If we go searching bit by bit, who knows how many years it'll take."

Todd muttered this wearily, but it was no wonder he'd say so.
It really was that vast a forest.

Looking out from the encampment where Subaru was being held, green stretched endlessly to the horizon, left and right. If the depth matched that breadth, it might rival the Amazon without exaggeration.
And from that vast forest, they meant to find these so-called "People of Shudrak"?

"...To put it mildly, isn't that impossible?"

"You think so too, huh? Man, this really is a headache. If I'm delayed getting home for years, my fiancée's gonna turn her back on me."

The sorrow of a soldier sent to the battlefield, torn apart from his beloved.
At Todd's remark, which evoked something close to that, Subaru felt a measure of sympathy. But since Subaru was currently, in real time, separated from someone precious to him, that sympathy didn't last very long. More important than that was the problem right in front of him.

"Hey, Todd. From your point of view, I think I've answered honestly. If so, I'd appreciate it if you kept your end of the bargain."

"You're lamenting not being able to see my fiancée, and you want me to let you see your girl? That's cold-blooded."

"Not something I want to hear from a guy whose buddy stomps on an injured man's broken fingers."

"Ha, fair enough."

It was a fairly bold answer from Subaru, but rather than getting angry, Todd burst out laughing. Then he crouched down beside Subaru and loosened the tightly bound rope on Subaru's feet, enough that he could walk.

"You should be able to manage small steps at least. I'll take you to the cell."

Todd put his hands under Subaru's arms and hoisted him up. Once he stood, his stride was about half his normal pace, but he'd regained some freedom of movement in his legs.
He could walk like this. Good thing he had short legs. If Subaru had had model-length legs, he'd surely have lost his balance badly.

"Alright, lead the way then."

"Bold... are you nobility or something?"

Patted on the back by a wryly smiling Todd, Subaru set off walking in small, shuffling strides.
As Subaru shuffled out of the captive's tent, he could tell the surrounding men were watching with curious eyes. There was something like mockery in some of those looks too, but Subaru paid it no mind. If anything, he observed the men right back.

It really did look like an encampment for war.
Hastily built wooden palisades surrounded the perimeter of the camp, and there seemed to be over a hundred people present. But a hundred people could hardly search an entire forest. Subaru understood why Todd was lamenting.
And then, toward Subaru, who was sympathizing with Todd and his fiancée in that way—

"Ah, speaking of nobility, that reminds me... that knife we found going through your belongings, where'd you get that?"

"——"

At Todd's sudden question, as if he'd just remembered, Subaru's brow furrowed for a moment before he immediately recalled the knife in question.
In the forest, the knife given to him by the masked man had been enormously helpful in getting through the obstacle-ridden forest and breaking through the traps Rem had set. —Belatedly, he wondered: had that masked man been one of the "People of Shudrak" they were searching for?
If that were true, then telling them about his existence would be nothing less than betraying his benefactor.

"What's wrong?"

"No..."

Todd looked suspicious of the silence, but Subaru was wrestling with a difficult choice of his own.
In this captive situation, Todd had been treating Subaru relatively decently, but it was still captive treatment all the same. Not someone he could easily call friendly.
On the other hand, while he'd likely never see the masked man again, the man had given him effective advice for finding Rem and had handed over that knife besides. A benefactor of a high order.
In other words—

"Hey, what's wrong?"

"—. That knife is a family heirloom. Belongs to my house."

"Is that so? Well, well, then you're quite something, aren't you?"

"Huh?"

After weighing various considerations, he decided in his heart to protect his benefactor.
With that resolve, Subaru told the lie, and Todd's voice rose slightly in surprise.
Subaru had no idea why, but Todd continued, "Because—"

"That's a knife bearing the sword-wolf national crest. From what I've heard, that kind of thing is given directly by the Emperor to a vassal. Which means you come from a house of some honor, don't you?"

"—Wait."

At Todd's excited voice, Subaru, who'd been listening, held his breath.
The origin of the knife he'd received could wait for now. It seemed to have quite a surprising episode attached to it too, but he'd set that aside for the moment.
The problem lay somewhere else entirely. —The sword-wolf national crest, and an Emperor.

"——"

Lips pressed shut, Subaru stopped walking and looked around once more.
Numerous tents, campfires, mocking men, an oversized forest—and then, beside a large tent, he saw a blue flag fluttering in the wind.

—At the center of the blue flag was depicted a black wolf pierced by a sword.

Subaru too had spent over a year in this other world by now.
He'd had more and more opportunities to be introduced as Emilia's first knight, and in order not to keep coasting forever as an otherworlder, he was in the middle of studying all sorts of common knowledge about this world.
The fruits of that study matched up with the wolf pierced by a sword—the "sword-wolf."
That was—

"—The Sacred Vollachia Empire."

The national crest of the Empire, south of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, beyond the border.
That they had leapt across the border between the Kingdom and the Empire, that they had been flung to another nation entirely—Subaru understood this, for the first time, at that moment.


△▼△▼△▼△


—The Sacred Vollachia Empire.

That was the name of the land—no, the nation—where Subaru was currently held captive.
The impression Subaru held of Vollachia, as a fruit of his study of this other world, was this: "Like in games and stuff, an empire always seems to be some kind of den of evil, doesn't it."

Like the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, the Vollachian Empire was one of the Four Great Nations bearing the power balance of this world, a great power holding the largest territory, ruling the south of the world map.
With fertile land and a temperate climate, blessed with richer soil than Gusteko to the north or Kararagi to the west, Vollachia had, as a matter of course, apparently formed a system of "survival of the fittest."

Numerous races and peoples mingled in chaos; the strong took everything, and the weak lost everything and were oppressed.
Such outrages passed unchallenged in the Vollachian Empire—in short, it was a land inhabited by the people most poorly suited to Natsuki Subaru, of all people.

"—The Sacred Vollachia Empire."

Catching sight of the military banner swaying beside the tent, the words slipped unbidden from Subaru's mouth.
Hearing Subaru's stunned mutter, Todd raised an eyebrow slightly and said,

"—Hail Vollachia!"
"Whoa!?"

A voice suddenly erupted right behind him, exploding like a shout, and Subaru jumped in shock. At Subaru's startled, leaping reaction, Todd laughed, "Hahaha."

"What, what's with that reaction? You're the one who brought it up."

"Hail Vollachia?"

"Hail Vollachia."

It was an unfamiliar false charge, but he sort of understood.
If you called out "Sacred Vollachia Empire," the response was "Hail Vollachia." That was their common sense, a part of their national character.
And there was one more thing he now understood.

"...I can't carelessly reveal that I'm from Lugunica anymore."

That, quietly, was a heavy blow to Subaru.

Currently, Subaru's position was as a candidate's knight in the Royal Selection held in the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica—Emilia's first knight. Under Roswaal's sponsorship, having formally received knighthood, Subaru was, in fact, a fringe member of Lugunica's nobility, albeit for one generation only.
Even setting that aside, within the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, there was hardly anyone who didn't know about the Royal Selection.
Hence, if he revealed his status, he could receive certain accommodations. —At the very least, once Rem's safety was confirmed, he'd intended to tell Todd, who seemed like someone he could reason with.
But if this was the Vollachian Empire, that was a different story.

"——"

That relations between the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica and the Vollachian Empire were poor was something Subaru understood well enough, having read this world's history books.
The two nations, which had repeated great wars over territory many times more than four hundred years ago, had kept their distance from major conflict ever since the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica formed its Covenant with the "Divine Dragon" four hundred years ago.
But sporadic small skirmishes had still broken out since then, and there was no doubt that relations between the two nations remained in a state of cold war even now. He'd heard that before the start of the Royal Selection was announced, arrangements had been made in advance so that the Empire wouldn't take the opportunity to launch a war.

What would happen if, within such a Vollachian Empire, he said he was a fringe member of Lugunican nobility?
If this were dealing with a sensible imperial noble, that would be one thing, but this was the fringes of a battlefield encampment. —Never mind Todd, could someone as hot-blooded as Jamal be counted on to offer honored-guest treatment?

"Absolutely not."

In other words, Subaru could no longer carelessly reveal his status.
Given that, it was a blessing in disguise—truly, a tiny blessing amid a misfortune of misfortune of misfortunes—that his traveling companion Rem had forgotten even that much.

"Hey, seriously, what's wrong? Not just your fingers—did your legs give out too?"

"No, it's not that. It's just, hearing the words 'Hail Vollachia,' I couldn't bear the trembling of reverent awe welling up from the depths of my chest..."

"Ah, I see. Well, that's understandable. If you have ties to imperial nobility, of course you'd be moved to the core by the way of the Empire. That was thoughtless of me."

"Ha, well, ahaha."

He'd have liked to scratch his head if he could, but all that came out in response to Todd's answer was an awkward smile.
So this is what an "Empire" was like—a worldview he'd only known from documents until now.
The imperialism steeped even into a common soldier like Todd—seeing it show up in his words and actions just now, Subaru quietly ground his teeth.

He might as well consider one card—the trump of revealing his status to return to the Mathers domain—sealed off now.
Or perhaps a sensible imperial citizen would respect his position, but—

"...The odds are a bit too poor to bet on a coin flip like that."

"What are you muttering about? Come on, the reunion you've been longing for awaits."

"—Ah."

Pushed on the back, Subaru's shoulder was tapped as he shuffled forward in small steps.
Looking up at Todd's prompting, he found they'd brought him to an iron cage set up at the edge of the encampment. Among several cages lined up neatly, there sat a girl, planted flat on the ground—

"Rem!"

"—! You're—"

Spotting the girl he'd been searching for, Subaru rushed to the cage. Noticing him, Rem's brow furrowed at the force of it, and she glared at Subaru with her usual hostility.
But it didn't matter. As long as her safety was confirmed first—

"Oh, thank god! Are you unhurt? Does it hurt anywhere—guh!"

"Whoa, that looks like it hurt."

The result of hurrying in small steps: his legs got tangled and he fell forward. Naturally, since he couldn't use his hands to catch himself, Subaru slammed face-first into the iron cage.
He let out a groan, "Kuha," and collapsed backward.

"Wha—what's with the sudden—!?"

"No, sorry... I-I didn't mean to scare you..."

"I wasn't scared! Don't underestimate me. ...Was your nose and teeth okay?"

"Eh!? You're worried about me?"

"Huh? No I'm not?"

Curling up his body like a caterpillar and sniffling, Subaru got a cold response from Rem.
Still, gazed at by those pale blue eyes, Subaru let out a sigh tinged, deep down, with joy. Seeing that, Rem's cheeks stiffened even further behind the bars.

"Yeah, yeah, I get it, it's a touching reunion, but you're kind of talking past each other. So, um, you're Rem-san, right?"

"—. Who knows, I wonder."

"Come on now, that's a problem. There's a limit to stubbornness, isn't there."

Interrupting the reunion between Subaru and Rem, Todd made a sour face.
Rem turned her face away with a huff, but her chilly treatment wasn't limited to Subaru—it seemed consistent toward this encampment as well, meaning Todd and the other imperials too.
That was, in its own way, rather characteristic of Rem's tendency to be bold only around those she trusted, though.

"If you snap at everyone regardless of who they are like that, you'll end up with a nickname like 'mad dog.'"

"Of all things to say, calling me a dog. Not just your body odor—you're a rude person too."

"How is body odor rude? Does that mean I lack cleanliness? But I don't even know what 'cleanliness' specifically means."

There's an idiom about hating the very robes of a monk you despise, and Rem's attitude toward Subaru was exactly that sort of thing.
It didn't help that they'd ended up here without ever shaking off the bad impression of their first meeting.

"Anyway, this girl is Rem, that's correct. Thanks for saving her... though, given that she's in this cage, it's hard to say thanks."

"Told you, didn't I? Jamal's unit got beaten to a pulp. If we don't get to do at least this much, it's a matter of face on our end too. Well, we won't damage the goods."

"...Can I believe that?"

"I've got the trust of imperial nobility. Even Jamal can't say much about it."

As he spoke, Todd rummaged in his coat and pulled out that knife. As Subaru's eyes widened at it, he drew the knife from its sheath and cut the ropes on Subaru's hands and feet.
At once, freed from his restraints, Subaru let out an "Oh" of released breath.

"You're just letting me go, like this?"

"Ah, I'd like to say take this girl and go wherever you want... but it's not that simple."

"——"

"Don't make such a scary face. I'm not being mean for the sake of it. As you can see, we're deployed here to fight the 'People of Shudrak' in the forest. But we're not the only ones positioned out here. If you go wandering around carelessly, you'll get caught by the guys at some other encampment."

He probably meant that, in order to conquer the vast forest, encampments were scattered here and there.
If Subaru and the others accidentally wandered into another encampment's territory, they could likely end up captured and interrogated there too, just as here.
More than that, even—

"So there's a possibility of ending up at a Jamal-filled camp, getting my fill of boot for dinner."

"Not that it's my place to say, but guys like me are actually rare among Imperial soldiers. I hate pain and stuff, so I try to talk things through as much as possible."

"Most of the guys are as high-handed as that rude gentleman."

"Well, that's what earned him your wrath, so he brought it on himself."

Rem's hard voice was filled with intense loathing.
Subaru couldn't hold any goodwill for the man either, but their first meeting must have gone especially badly. Given that even Todd, who seemed to know the circumstances, didn't defend Jamal, it must have been something even his own side couldn't excuse.

"Todd, I get that you're worried about our safety. But what should we do? You were lamenting it yourself, but I can't just nod along to 'stay here until this forest is conquered.'"

"That's true, and if we keep an outsider around the camp too long, we'll get an earful too. Don't worry, though—a supply unit is heading to a nearby town in a few days. If you leave the camp with that supply unit, you should be able to avoid causing unnecessary trouble."

"I see, a supply unit."

Naturally, feeding a large number of people required a considerable amount of food and water. There was no way to procure all of that locally, so an army needed units to transport those supply provisions, just as important as its combat units.
So there were people in this camp with that role, and Todd was recommending they travel along with them.

"So, can we impose on you for a while... then?"

"Why not? The battle situation isn't going to move that fast anyway... just, you'd better stay away from Jamal. Unless you want another mouthful of boot."

"That's burned into my bones already. ...Rem, is that policy okay with you?"

"——"

Face still turned away with a huff, Rem gave no answer.
But since she wasn't outright objecting to his face, there was probably no counterargument or alternative plan. He'd just take it as cute defiance.

"Still, you two have a strange relationship. What exactly are you two to each other?"

"Ah, think of us as wanderers or travelers. Rem's someone precious to me, and the other one who was with us is a kid I don't know."

"You're still saying that..."

Hearing Todd's answer to the question, Rem's distrust grew even more. Subaru thought he'd messed up too, but on the other hand, he absolutely didn't want to acknowledge Rui as a travel companion.
Honestly, if the Empire wanted to take her off his hands, he'd be glad for it.

"Speaking of which, that one wasn't in the cage with Rem. Where'd she go?"

"—. That girl was taken away for treatment. Seems she cut her forehead somewhere during that reckless stunt of jumping into the river."

"Treatment... treatment?"

At Rem's answer, her gaze averted, Subaru went blank for a moment before his expression turned serious.
Then he lunged at the cell bars.

"Did you say treatment!?"

"Wh-what? Yes, treatment. Or are you saying you don't even want that girl you hate to get her wound treated?"

"That's not wrong either, but the problem's somewhere else entirely. Hey, Todd! Where's Rui getting treated? Which tent!?"

At Subaru's sudden fierce demeanor as he turned around, Todd was startled, saying "What?" But grabbing the shoulder of a man who had no idea how serious this was, Subaru asked again, "Where."

"If she's getting treated, it's the tent with the red flag. But why the sudden panic?"

"No time to explain, everyone's going to die!"

Pushing past Todd's shoulder, eyes bulging, Subaru rushed toward the tent with the red flag in a hurry.
At Subaru's momentum, Rem and Todd unconsciously looked at each other.

"What's with him? Anyway, I'll go after him, but..."

"Please go. If you don't stop him, he seems likely to do something reckless."

"Why am I the one who has to be told this..."

Scratching his head, Todd hurried after Subaru, who was charging ahead at a brisk pace.
As Subaru's retreating back disappeared from sight,

"...What is with that man, always dragging me around like this," Rem muttered, in a small voice that no one could hear.


"——"

Meanwhile, having heard what he'd just heard, Subaru cast his gaze about in search of the red tent.
Hearing that Rui was receiving treatment, the worst possibility flashed through Subaru's mind.

That possibility: that Rui, who for some reason seemed to have lost her sanity, might be restored to normal through treatment and revive as one of the Sin Archbishops of "Gluttony."
If that happened, Subaru, of course, and even the memory-less Rem, would be no match for her. Even Todd, Jamal, and the imperials of the encampment combined would suffer numerous casualties.

He wouldn't let that happen. It mustn't be allowed to happen—impatience filled Subaru's heart.
And so, heading for the red tent that had caught his eye, he pushed forward, on and on—

"Sorry! There's a terrifying blonde brat in here—"
"Ahh-woo-ahh!!"

The instant he tried to fling back the tent flap, a golden bullet shot out from inside with tremendous force.
It struck true, right beneath Subaru's nose—the philtrum—dead center, and with a "guah" his consciousness and upper body wobbled. He fell backward onto his rear.
And in that instant, he reflexively put his left hand down on the ground. —His left hand, with its three broken fingers.

"GYAAAAAAAAH—!!"

"Ah! Ah! Woo-ah!"

Subaru writhed in agonizing pain. Straddling atop the writhing, suffering Subaru was a demon, giggling and frolicking with delight. —Rui.
Just as she had when she woke Subaru up in the meadow, she wore a smile like the very embodiment of innocent malice, and pressed herself against his chest.
He wanted to push her off, but his consciousness, seared with pain, wouldn't allow it.

"Guh, ku, ah, ah...!"

"Whoa, did you put your left hand down? That's, whoa, rough... but from what I can see, this kid seems normal enough. Even had the wound on her forehead treated."

Todd, who had caught up to the writhing Subaru, gently scooped up Rui, who was frolicking atop his fallen chest. Rui flailed her limbs, going "Ah-woo," but Todd paid it no mind.
Just as Todd said, Rui's head was wrapped in bandages, and the wound she'd apparently gotten on her forehead seemed to have been treated. However, not with magic, but with simple medical means.

"Guh, ah... s-so, that's it. Treating the head, that's..."

He'd been certain they'd heal the wound with magic, and had panicked over it, but with this method, there was no chance of healing reaching somewhere he didn't want healed.
For the time being, it seemed Subaru's worry had been unfounded.

"You treat a kid who's clung to you like this as a stranger, while the one you cherish treats you coldly. ...I don't really get it, but you seem to have it rough, huh."

"...Can't deny that. There aren't many people who go through as rough a time as I do."

If there's a limit to the hardship a human can experience in one lifetime, is what's happening to Subaru just a lifetime's worth of hardship piling on all at once? Or, because he's "returning by death," does the count reset each time, meaning there will never come a moment of peace?
Just thinking about it was terrifying. Terrifying, but—

"For now, I'm alive. That's what matters."

"Feels like a low bar to clear. ...So, what'll you do? Shall we proceed with you accompanying the supply unit in a few days?"

"Ah, yeah, please do. But it feels bad to keep relying on your hospitality like this."

"Hm? No need to worry about that. I'm not planning on keeping a freeloader around."

At Todd's words, Subaru, who'd been sitting cross-legged, looked up with an "Eh?" Todd then set Rui, still flailing her legs, down on the ground and put his hands on his hips.
Then, gesturing with his hand at the imperial encampment spread out behind him, he said,

"It's this big a camp. We can never have too many hands. There's a mountain of work, and we'll need you to help out with all sorts of things."

"...You mean, 'those who don't work don't eat'?"

At Subaru's muttered remark, Todd repeated "those who don't work..." and then said,

"That's right. Exactly that, really. You know some good phrases, don't you."

Beside Todd, who nodded along, Rui nodded along too, mimicking him.
Watching the two of them, Subaru gave his neck a good, loud crack.

"...Still a lot better than being told to do nothing, or getting fed a boot," he thought.