Arc 7 Chapter 39: "Vicious"

Kafma peered out through the great hole torn in the hall's wall, his lips twisting with hatred.
Below, amid the raging wind and trailing plumes of smoke, he narrowed his eyes at the building into which the three fugitives — who had made good their escape from the hall — had vanished. No sign of the runaways could be seen.

"――――"

A cracked beam groaned and collapsed, but the hall was far too distant for him to hope its falling debris might crush the insolent wretches.
Even so—

"I will not let them escape. Whatever it takes, they must answer for their disrespect toward His Excellency—"

"Oi, oi, that ain't right, is it? Those folks used up every card they had just ta pull that off. If we go and toss that aside on our end, well, that just don't add up, does it."

"Old Man Olbart!"

Kafma, his foot halted mid-pursuit, ground his teeth and spun around. Under that glare, the small, wizened old man shrugged his shoulders and said, "Ohh, scary."

Seeing that reaction only sharpened Kafma's glare further.

"To begin with, why did you let them go?! You, of all people, could have subdued them in the blink of an eye!"

"That there's an opinion that bounces right back at you too, ain't it? Besides, it ain't like I went easy on 'em for no reason. That helmeted young fella pulled some strange trick on me."

"...He didn't strike me as being young enough to be called a 'young fella.'"

"Let's set that aside. Generally speakin', most everybody looks like a toddlin' babe to me, and that's the honest truth of it. I was already an old geezer the day you were born, y'know."

Olbart pointed at himself, his wrinkled face twisting into a grin. Against that carefree attitude, Kafma tried to press further, but Olbart continued first, saying, "And another thing—"

"You might've forgotten, but I've also got to keep an eye on that fox girl over there, don't I? No tellin' when she might turn her fangs on His Excellency."

"General Yorna... indeed, I was careless."

"Kakakakka, good, so long as you understand."

At the reproach, Kafma bowed his head as if ashamed of having let blood rush to it. Watching the exchange between the young man and the old one, Yorna — named outright as a dangerous individual — raised a hand to her eye.

"Ah, what a cruel thing to say. To speak of a frail woman such as myself as though I were some perilous beast... never have I suffered such an indignity."

"The nerve of you...!"

Mocked by her feigned weeping, Kafma's anger turned on Yorna. But at that glare, Yorna only let out a low "kufu" from her throat and gently lowered the hand from her eye.
Then she raised her pipe to her lips, drew a full breath of purple smoke into her lungs, and exhaled it in one great "fuu—". That smoke drifted, swaying, toward the great hole in the wall.

And when the trailing purple smoke reached the hole, it wrought a startling change there.
It was a sight like something out of an illusion — the shattered wall slowly mending itself.
Wood used in the damaged sections of the crumbled Crimson Lazuli Castle's wall writhed and knit back together, as though a living creature's wound were healing. It was the repair of a building, and yet it gave off an impression more organic than inanimate — strange, and utterly beyond comprehension.

At that surreal sight, Kafma, who had been standing near the wall, stepped back, his cheeks stiffening as he turned to face Yorna.

"There now, good as new... won't you cheer up a bit for me, my lord?"

"So this is General Yorna's..."

"The reason no one can carelessly lay a hand on the magic city... though this woman's peril isn't limited to that alone."

Having finished mending the outer wall, Yorna smiled coquettishly, and Kafma caught his breath.
It was Vincent — who had not so much as stirred through the entire commotion — who put words to the younger man's dread. The man who stood at the pinnacle of the Empire glanced briefly at the wall, then fixed his gaze on Yorna.

"They have left the castle grounds. The conditions you and I set have been met."

"So they have, indeed. Given that, it would reflect rather poorly on us if we went back on our word after all their efforts. I trust Your Excellency understands as much."

"――――"

"Of course, Your Excellency has thoughts of your own. I intend to respect them. But do not forget."

So saying, and fixing her eyes upon the silent Vincent, the mistress of the magic city — who from beginning to end had not once corrected her posture before the Emperor — smiled and declared:

"This is the magic city — my city. Even that blue boy's sword cannot reach me here."

That declaration might have been fitting from the mistress of a magic city, but it was wholly inappropriate to voice before an Emperor.
For a single city, however great, to behave as though its own dominion outranked that of the Vollachian Emperor, who exercised sovereignty over the entire Empire without exception — this went far beyond mere disrespect.

And yet, Yorna Mishigure's words were not denied.
Setting aside whether her claim was right or wrong, everyone present knew it to be simple fact.
In this magic city of Chaosflame, Yorna Mishigure held absolute power.
And so—

"I shall grant you one night."

Were anyone to view that as a defeat for the Vollachian Emperor, that person would understand far too little of the Emperor's deep and far-reaching schemes. Yet the countless machinations the Emperor turned over behind those black eyes were not easily discerned even by those closest to him.
All one could do was trust that there was no error in the reasoning behind Vincent's words.

"How gracious of you. Then might I also be given time to weigh my reply to the letter?"

Only her choice of words carried any deference; her manner and expression showed not a trace of meekness. Having received Vincent's permission, Yorna answered thus.
Both Kafma and Olbart, as her guards, had their own thoughts about her attitude. But it was, in the end, their own failure to have let the three fugitives escape that had allowed her this leeway.
Now that Vincent himself had acknowledged it, there was nothing to be gained by dredging it up again.

"But your conduct is beyond the pale. I shall say so as many times as it takes."

"Kufu. When you fix me with such a fearsome look, I cannot stop trembling. Old Man Olbart, won't you do something about it?"

"Now it's landin' on me, is it? I'm just an old geezer with not much time left — bein' gentle oughta be the duty of you young folk. Say, could this be it? The ultimate logic for wringin' goodwill out of most anybody? Is my time finally comin'?"

"Old Man Olbart!"

At Olbart's mocking remark, Kafma raised his voice, anger plain on his face.
Yorna watched the smoke swaying from her pipe, laughing quietly at the sight. Vincent narrowed his eyes at the two Generals and gave a small snort.
Then the Emperor turned and looked to the last of those accompanying him — one who, unlike Kafma and Olbart, had shown even less motion than Vincent himself.

"You have been unusually quiet. Not like you."

"...True enough. Well, there happens to be someone here I find rather awkward to face."

The reply came from a young man's voice, tinged with wry laughter.
The man had a blue robe pulled entirely over his head, concealing his face and features from those around him. That much was his usual custom, but the way he cinched the robe's collar tighter than normal seemed to have something to do with the present company.
The man sighed, and hunched his shoulders at the Emperor's wordless gaze.

"I figure I'll play dead as a clam in this magic city. Seems the Stars wish it of me too."

"The Stars wish it? How trivial."

"Trivial — how cruel a thing to say."

The man with hunched shoulders gave a wry smile at Vincent's dismissive words.
Still smiling wryly, he went on.

"If Your Excellency truly held the Stars' wishes in such low regard, I don't think you'd have gone out of your way to come all the way out here. That's just how it looks to me."

"Do you presume to speak of what lies in my heart, fool?"

"Not at all, Your Excellency."

The man shrank his shoulders slightly as Vincent, arms crossed, dropped his tone a notch.
Vincent then turned his gaze away from the man — the Stargazer — and narrowed his eyes toward the sky beyond the now-sealed wall, the sky into which the three traitors had vanished.
And then—

"...The wishes of the Stars. How trivial."

So he murmured, a whisper heard by no one, spoken only within his own mouth, and it faded away.


△▼△▼△▼△


"Cough! Gah! Ouahck!"

Amid the billowing dust, Subaru coughed desperately, forcing air into her lungs.
Her back throbbed from the violent impact, and Subaru reached a hand to check the injury. When she drew it back gingerly, there was no blood on it — apparently she'd gotten off with nothing but bruises. A miracle.

Broken building materials, splinters from collapsed beams — the odds that one of those had pierced her, or torn open some vital vessel, had been high. Just how much luck had it taken to avoid that?

"No time to be saying things like that... Medium-san! Al!"

"Ah, I'm here... ow, ow."

Shaking her head, Subaru hastily called the names of the two who should have been with her. A reply came from beneath the rubble close by, and Subaru scrambled to push it aside, hauling out the one she sought.
Medium, who had been half-buried, coughed a "kehh" and blinked her eyes.

"Uwaa, I thought I was gonna die! Is Natsumi-chan okay?"

"I'll manage somehow. Thanks to you and Al protecting me... What about your injuries, Medium-san? Does anything hurt?"

"Uhyahyahya, that tickles~! I'm fine, I'm fine! Full of energy!"

Checking Medium's shoulders and back, Subaru found herself pushed away as the girl squirmed, chest against chest.
It wasn't bravado or a lie — Medium, too, seemed to have no notable wounds. The two of them, blessed with outrageous luck—

"Al is..."

Subaru swept her gaze around, searching for Al, who had not answered.
As the smoke finally began to settle, Subaru could see they had crashed into an empty stable. The building beside Crimson Lazuli Castle turned out to be a warehouse stacked with hay for the Galewind Horses.
It was that hay, cushioning their fall, that had saved them after their helpless plunge from such a height. Without it, at the very least, Subaru would surely have met a gruesome end, squashed flat like a tomato.

In Vollachia, where healing magic — not just Rem's — was a rarity, anyone who suffered a serious wound had a high chance of not surviving. In that sense, the Empire's environment made death far easier than in Lugunica.
Of course, one could also argue that the Empire's philosophy of survival of the fittest was itself dangerously extreme.

"Found him! Al-chin!"

As Subaru scanned the dim interior, Medium darted off beside her.
She crouched by an overturned cart, flipped by the impact of the fall. Three such carts, loaded with mountains of hay, lay tangled together, and something was stirring beneath them.
Subaru hurried over as well, and together with Medium began clearing away the dry grass. At last, a thick arm emerged limply from beneath the hay, and the two of them hauled it up.
And then—

"Owww! My right arm's coming off too!"

"That's not funny!"

"But Al-chin's alive too! Amazing!"

Subaru scolded Al for his unfunny joke, but felt relief at Medium's words nonetheless.
Pulled from the mound of hay, Al was in a dreadful state. Unlike Subaru and the others, who had escaped with mere bruises and scrapes by some miracle, Al's whole body bore numerous lacerations and dark bruises.
He'd faced Kafma's thorns and, however briefly, held Olbart at bay. And when he'd finally leapt to shield Subaru and the others, his position had left him exposed to the enemy's pursuit.

Every single wound he'd taken was, by rights, a wound Subaru and the others should have borne instead.

"――――"

"What's wrong, bro? You're makin' a real gloomy face."

"That's..."

"We just pulled off a no-rope bungee jump and lived to tell about it — that's basically a miracle. And here you go makin' a face like that, my back wounds are gonna feel unappreciated. That's a swordsman's shame, y'know?"

Rolling his shoulders with a weary air, Al cracked jokes as if to cheer Subaru up.
The gesture caught in Subaru's throat, and a moment later she nodded and said, "You're right."

Al carried himself with a breezy, detached air, as though nothing were his concern — but the fierce fight he'd waged through this whole ordeal had been driven, through and through, by his sincerity toward Subaru.
He'd sympathized with Subaru's goal and promised to lend her his strength.
And for that, he had accompanied her even into a battle that risked his life — that was the kind of man Al was.

"...I misjudged you."

"Hah?"

"I always thought you were breezy and careless, unserious about everything, the unreliable sort."

"Oi, oi."

"But you staked your life for my sake. I won't forget it."

Placing a hand over her false chest, Subaru declared a genuine resolve to Al.
Without him, Natsuki Subaru would not have survived this moment. And so, from here on, Natsuki Subaru would fight without forgetting the debt owed to Al.
Even if, in the very next moment, that life should come to an end—

"Natsumi-chan, Al-chin, if you two dawdle much longer..."

"Yes, I understand. Let's get out of here quickly. Otherwise Al's sacrifice will have been for nothing."

"I wasn't sacrificed!?"

Prompted by Medium, Subaru wiped her face with her sleeve and answered firmly.
That all three of them had survived was a stroke of fortune, but it was still too soon to feel relieved. They could technically claim to have met the conditions Yorna and Vincent had presented, but there was no telling whether Kafma or Olbart would truly withdraw their pursuit for that.
Until that was made unmistakably clear, they had to survive.

"Let's go, now. Hide ourselves, and wait for their answer..."

"—There's no need to worry about that."

"—!?"

A voice called out just as Subaru, lending Al her shoulder, was about to head outside.
Startled, her hand slipped away, and Al, who'd been leaning on her shoulder, toppled over with a yelp of "Guoh!" But there was no time to spare for him.
She had to face the figure standing at the stable entrance, watching them.

"You are..."

"Forgive my delayed introduction. I am Tanza, attendant to Lady Yorna Mishigure."

So saying, the figure bowed properly — a person in a kimono marked by a pair of deer antlers, the Deer Human girl who had stood beside Yorna.
The girl who had named herself Tanza slowly raised her head and faced Medium, who had stepped forward to shield Subaru and the others, shaking her head gently from side to side.

"There is no need for caution. I mean none of you any harm."

"Really? But we totally wrecked this place and the castle wall, y'know?"

"Both the castle and the stable will be repaired by Lady Yorna. Lady Yorna has recognized you all as emissaries. No one will lay a hand on you any longer."

Tanza added this, easing Medium's anxiety. At her words, the corners of Medium's eyebrows drooped in relief, but Subaru's impression was the exact opposite.
Setting aside the matter of Yorna repairing the wall and stable, what came after was the real problem.

"'No one will lay a hand on us' is a bold claim. We know full well that the man present back there was His Imperial Majesty."

It hardly seemed dignified to remain sheltered behind Medium, so Subaru stepped up to stand beside her. Tanza's grey eyes fixed steadily on Subaru as she came forward.
For all her lovely features, the girl showed little emotion outwardly. To be called a kamuro, some charm ought to be essential, and yet there was something doll-like in her bearing.

"To no small extent, we are those who bear ill intent toward His Imperial Majesty... and you claim his attendants will overlook that? You say Lady Yorna made him accept it?"

"Yes. No one can defy Lady Yorna within this magic city. I believe even Lord Vincent understands as much."

"Oh..."

Tanza's answer came flatly, yet carried absolute conviction. Hearing it, Subaru swallowed back the words she had meant to say next, taken aback.
She looked up at the hole they'd torn through the stable's roof and confirmed there was no movement from Crimson Lazuli Castle. Judging by how little time had passed, Kafma would surely have come charging after them by now if he meant to.

"Not even that... it seems I can believe you, then."

"Lord Vincent will also be returning. His answer to the letter will be given anew tomorrow."

"...Understood."

"Then please take care on your way back."

Receiving Subaru's sighed reply, Tanza bowed once and turned her back on the three of them.
Having completed the bare minimum required of her, she seemed set to return to Yorna's side. On impulse, Subaru called out to that departing back, "Tanza-san."
Tanza stopped and turned. Watching that expressionless, doll-like face, Subaru asked—

"What kind of person is Lady Yorna, to you?"

The reason for the question lay in Subaru's own struggle to make sense of her impression of Yorna.
Not knowing Vincent to be an impostor, Yorna's manner toward him ought to have been the same as her manner toward Abel when he had been Emperor.
That behavior, which went beyond mere disrespect or rudeness — Subaru thought it made no sense to simply overlook it because Yorna was powerful, and yet the reason behind such an attitude remained a mystery.

Did Yorna hold affection for Abel, or hostility?
Combined with the fact that she'd prompted Subaru and the others' desperate struggle, her true intentions were utterly unreadable.
And so—

"I want to hear it from someone close to her. Your impression of Lady Yorna Mishigure."

"She is a deeply loving person. She loves her allies and hates her enemies. She is a lover to all who live in this magic city."

"――――"

Tanza answered without hesitation, and for the first time, a faint trace of emotion flickered across her eyes.
It vanished in an instant, but to Subaru's eyes it seemed tinged with a quiet warmth, and she found she could say nothing more.
Unable to continue, all she could do was watch the girl's back as she departed.

Had Subaru gotten the answer she wanted? No, she had not.
All that had deepened was her bewilderment at the person that was Yorna. There had been no falsehood in Tanza's words. And yet, that Yorna was "deeply loving" was hard to believe all at once.
Ever since arriving in the magic city, Subaru and the others had been thoroughly played for fools.

"Well, well, she's gone. ...So what do we do now?"

"...There's nothing else to do but head back. For now, all we can do is trust Tanza-san's message and wait for tomorrow's answer."

In the stable now empty of Tanza, Subaru once more lent her shoulder to Al, who sat sprawled on the floor.
Bracing herself against his weight, Subaru looked up at Crimson Lazuli Castle once more.

"An eye-catching, gaudy castle... is this too part of its 'riot of color'?"

Murmuring that, Subaru realized Tanza's earlier words had been true.
The castle, a complex and eerie mix of blue tinged with red, showed no trace of the great hole that had been in its keep — no matter how closely she squinted, it had vanished without a mark, as though it had never existed.


△▼△▼△▼△


"I see, so that one had come."

"Is that all you have to say? How about 'I'm sorry,' or 'my apologies,' or 'I beg your forgiveness'?"

Having crawled their way back to the inn, they gave Abel a full report of everything that had happened with the letter's delivery. At his very first response, Subaru scowled magnificently and pressed him with those bitter words.
But Abel, wearing his oni mask, pushed away Subaru's advancing forehead with an annoyed palm.

"Why should I apologize? You lot did well. I was about to commend you for your efforts."

"Commend us! 'Was about to'! That tone of yours is so condescending! We don't need to be commended, thank you very much, we only did what was necessary. Right, you two!"

"Now it's landin' on us, huh."

Sticking her tongue out at the sullen Abel, Subaru protested fiercely and looked to the others for backup. But Al, legs sprawled on the floor, waved a hand and said, "Spare me."
In truth, Al had put in the finest performance of anyone on this job. He had left the care of his many wounds to Taritta, and was now a bandaged man swathed head to toe in wrappings.
A black helmet paired with wall-to-wall bandages — the sheer surrealism of that outfit knew no bounds.

"But I'm glad Natsumi and Medium are safe. I was very worried, thinking I should have gone alonG."

"See, did you hear that? That's the proper reaction. Won't you take a page from Taritta-san's book, as the next chieftain, on how a superior ought to behave?"

"Please stop, I'll die..."

At Subaru's lecture on the proper mindset of a leader, Taritta — nominated as the exemplar — went pale and shook her head.
Her attitude of being unworthy of such comparison was understandable, but it was, to Subaru, deeply frustrating. Was there no one suited to giving Abel a proper scolding?
At times like this, Subaru felt pathetic, forced to fight only with borrowed authority.

"Uu! Auu!"

"Ah! Rui-chan, you can't do that! Look, Natsumi-chan and the others are in the middle of an important talk!"

"Uu! Uu!"

Disturbing Subaru's thoughts came a shrill cry from the next room.
Looking over, Subaru saw Rui and Medium wrestling by the connecting door. Naturally, Rui stood no chance against Medium, and it looked like a sumo match between an adult and a child.
Rui was promptly hoisted up and hauled back, disappearing once more into the other room.

"Ah-uu!"

"...Honestly, what is with her? Ever since we got back, she's kept trying to leap at me."

"Whatever the reason, seems like she's taken a shine to you above all of us, bro. Not that I'm exactly bein' fawned over. Not that I want to be, mind you."

Overhearing Subaru's sigh, Al — now finished off in a get-together resembling a shoddy Halloween costume — grumbled. Beside him, Taritta wiped her brow with an air of satisfaction, though her own aesthetic sense left something to be desired.
Having found rivals worthy of Emilia and Beatrice, Subaru found herself missing the two of them all over again. No — not just those two, but everyone waiting beyond the border.

It had been roughly twenty days since Subaru was flung into Vollachia.
So long as Beatrice and Ram were there, they would at least know Subaru and the others were alive — but with no way to deliver more information than that, the frustration lingered.
She wanted, as soon as possible, to forge a path to reunite with Emilia and the rest.

"And yet this masked man won't even tell us the important things..."

"Hmph, to call me 'masked man.' If I am a mask, what does that make you lot? A fool and a clown, perhaps?"

"We're basically lookin' like a bad Halloween costume party, ain't we."

At Al's remark, hitting precisely on Subaru's own inner thoughts a moment ago, and Abel's jab, Subaru could only grind her back teeth with a frustrated "Grrrgh."
In truth, the three of them — Subaru in disguise, Abel behind his oni mask, and Al, now transformed into a bandaged helmet man — looked exactly like attendees at a costume party. Amid Chaosflame, where all manner of diverse peoples came and went, it almost looked as if they were desperately trying not to get lost in the crowd.
Of course, Subaru's cross-dressing served a real practical purpose, so it was hardly the same thing.

"Anyway! We did manage to meet Yorna-san at the castle, but we also ran into the Emperor's procession instead... that was your body double, correct?"

Clapping her hands, Subaru forcibly steered the conversation back on course.
Keeping her voice carefully low so as not to be overheard, but determined to get the answers she needed. In response, Abel, still masked, nodded with an "Mm."

"There would be no shortage of those who merely resemble me in form. But if there is one who can embody me, there is only a single such person. — Chisha Gold."

"Chisha Gold... one of the Nine Divine Generals, right? The 'White Spider,' I believe?"

"Correct. Sharp of mind, skilled at commanding great armies. And—"

"And the guy who betrayed Abel-chan first."

At Al's final addition, Abel, arms crossed on the bed, gave a silent nod of confirmation.
The first of the treacherous Nine Divine Generals, a man in whom Abel had likely placed deep trust. And that man now sat upon the throne, standing in for Abel — no, having taken his place entirely.

"Chisha... what do you suppose the false Emperor came to this magic city for?"

"He, too, understands the conditions for victory in the struggle between him and me."

"Whoever secures the greater number of the Nine Divine Generals wins, correct?"

Securing the Nine Divine Generals — the symbol of military might within the Vollachian Empire — was the decisive key to determining the outcome.
It was for the sake of obtaining that very key that Subaru and the others had gone out of their way to come to Chaosflame. But given Abel's answer just now, only one purpose could be inferred.

"Then, is he too here to win Yorna Mishigure over to his side?"

"That seems unlikely. Yorna Mishigure... he is not so reckless as to believe that one would lend an ear to persuasion or negotiation."

"—? Then what did he come here for?"

"Obviously. He calculated that I would come to the magic city."

Hearing that answer, Subaru's head filled with question marks, unable to grasp the meaning.
Equally puzzled, Al raised a hand. "Abel-chan."

"You sayin' that fake Emperor over there is straight-up predictin' that Abel-chan's gonna show up in Chaosflame? If that's for real, ain't that pretty bad?"

"That one traces my thinking with considerable precision. Given where one could fly to from the throne, the flow of conquering the fortress cities, the placement of the Nine Divine Generals... naturally, the key locations narrow down to the magic city."

"Knowing that... no, don't tell me!"

Processing Abel's flat explanation, Subaru's eyes flew wide open. Then, with a trembling finger, she pointed at Abel, who watched her quietly.

"Were you anticipating that we would cross paths with the false Emperor? Is that why you stayed behind at the inn alone, to avoid a direct encounter—"

"Fool. What purpose would that serve? Needlessly reducing my own pieces on the board would only harm my chances of victory, even in a Shatranj match already won."

"...I suppose that's true, when you put it that way."

The one point that failed to add up was the idea that Abel would deliberately make a move disadvantageous to himself.
That was the single, decisive flaw in the theory — and unless Subaru could refute it, her suspicion of a scheming, villainous Abel would have to be dismissed, quite literally, as a conspiracy theory. In any case—

"Then! Back to the matter at hand, what does this mean? The false Emperor knew he couldn't win Yorna-san over. And yet he still showed up in the magic city because you were coming and..."

"To strike first, and break off the reconciliation between Vincent Vollachia and Yorna Mishigure. Do you imagine that I, arriving after the fact, could simply stroll up to Crimson Lazuli Castle's keep with ease?"

"Ahh, so that's... damn, what a nasty piece of work this guy is."

At Al's nod of understanding, Subaru fell silent in agreement.
At last, Abel's intent had gotten through to her. In other words, Vincent's goal had been to leave Yorna neither friend nor foe, but a floating, invalidated vote.
For that purpose, he had come to the castle himself and plotted a decisive rupture in negotiations with the Emperor.

"...So if we had arrived even a single day later..."

"That one's scheme would have succeeded. Hence why I said it: you did well."

"――――"

Wide-eyed, Subaru stared fixedly at Abel.
Did that mean their earlier exchange had, in his own way, been a sincere expression of praise? If so, there was a limit even to how bad a superior could be at praising subordinates.
At the very least, Abel's compliment did far less for her than her own self-encouragement.

"I did well, didn't I... and Al and Medium-san too!"

"Oh? Ohh, right, we did good, us."

"Yeah-! Natsumi-chan's speech was super cool!"

Having crossed the brink of death together, the three of them, their bond strengthened, praised one another. Watching Taritta look somewhat left out of the group, Subaru — unlike Abel — felt a pang of pity for her.

"But there's a lot you should have told us beforehand. Like the fact that Yorna-san doesn't hold you in any dislike, for instance."

"Ah, that, I was gonna say somethin' too. C'mon, Abel-chan. Bein' a heartthrob's just how you were born, can't help that, but if that's the case, at least pay the handsome-guy tax."

"I have no idea what you're saying, clown. And you, too, have misunderstood something."

"Misunderstood, but we saw the actual exchange with our own eyes, y'know?"

Though "actual" referred to the exchange between Yorna and Vincent, it was still a fact that she had directed a provocative, seductive gaze at Abel.
Yet at that pressing question from Subaru and Al, Abel let out a deep sigh.

"It is not me toward whom Yorna Mishigure's affections lean. It is the Vollachian Emperor."

"...And isn't that you? Don't tell me you're going to claim, now of all times, that you're actually the fake, and that Emperor over there is the real one?"

For an instant, the suspicion she'd entertained back at Crimson Lazuli Castle flared up again, and Subaru glared, warning him not to joke about such a thing. But Abel dismissed it with a curt "Ridiculous."

"Do not take my words at face value. I am indeed the Vollachian Emperor, but 'the Vollachian Emperor' does not refer solely to me. There have been Vollachian Emperors in the past, and there will be Vollachian Emperors in the future."

"That means..."

At Abel's broken-down explanation, Subaru's eyes went round. Beside her, Al let out a foolish "Whoaa" as well.

"So basically, Yorna-chan's after Abel-chan's money or status, that it?"

"That one has not spoken of the details, but that is broadly correct. What she desires is the pinnacle of the Empire... the Vollachian Emperor's favored consort. It need not be me."

"...Somehow, that's kind of sad."

"Do not pity me based on a narrative you've constructed on your own."

In a sense, one might call it a rather pragmatic set of conditions for love.
The Emperor's favored consort — that is, becoming the Emperor's wife — appeared to be Yorna's goal. Certainly, in that position, one could rule the Empire, in both power and wealth, without needing to become Emperor herself.
Governing the magic city of Chaosflame alone, it seemed, was not enough to satisfy that beautiful Fox Human's insatiable ambition.

"Given what we just heard, what did the letter actually say?"

"Well, probably somethin' like 'come over to our side and I'll make you my wife,' right? Seems like the quickest way to go about it, and she's a looker too."

"I wonder if her being a beauty is quite enough to make up for how difficult she'd be to handle..."

Perhaps some measure of selfishness or a difficult temperament could be forgiven for a beautiful woman, but Subaru felt there had to be a limit even to that.
Priscilla and Yorna were both undeniably beautiful, but Subaru, personally, would decline to take either as a wife. She'd need more lives than she had to spare, and doubted she'd ever know a moment's peace.

"I have no intention of revealing the contents of the official letter. But I can assure you the answer will not betray your expectations. That much I guarantee."

"A guarantee only holds up once there's trust behind it... ah, no, never mind. There's no point saying it, so forget I said anything!"

Clapping her hands together, Subaru forcibly closed off the topic there.
Abel, left dissatisfied with the unresolved conclusion, gave her a sullen look, but Subaru said "By the way," and turned to Al with a fresh subject.

"That Divine General who was there, Olbart, was it. The 'Vicious Old Man'?"

"Ah, yeah, he was there. Nasty old geezer. I've run into all sorts in my time, but he's easily one of the nastiest I've come across."

"Do you think that nasty old man has already been won over to the other side? If so, that means Arakiya, Chisha, and now a third one have already been taken."

Among the Nine Divine Generals, they needed to secure a majority — five of them.
And yet, while Subaru and the others were still floundering over even the first one, the other side apparently already had three Divine Generals lined up.

"By the way, from what I heard, that old geezer's rank is 'Three.' They've also already got their hands on 'Two,' the young Arakiya lady, and 'Four,' that Chisha fella who's their strategist."

"They've got a stunning grip on the top ranks!"

At Al's dismal report, Subaru raised her voice.
If the ranking corresponded to strength in descending order, the disparity in power already looked hopeless. Yorna being "Seven," Subaru's despair made perfect sense.

"Do not carry on so. ...Likely, though, Olbart has not joined their camp. As things stand, he is merely following the Emperor's orders as one of the Nine Divine Generals."

"...And your basis for that?"

"Because Olbart Dunkelkenn is a man whose movements cannot be predicted, even by that one. To sway the situation, one must first secure a path to victory. Arakiya could be moved by that means, but winning over Olbart is no easy task."

"So basically, you're saying you never had the Nine Divine Generals fully under your control to begin with...?"

In other words, since he was someone Abel himself had never been able to hold the reins on, it followed that the impostor standing in Abel's place couldn't hold those reins either.
It was hardly something to be glad about, and it only deepened Subaru's unease about what lay ahead.

"Then, does that old man Olbart still have room to be won over to our sidE?"

"Naturally, bringing him to the negotiating table requires sufficient leverage. That one is a crafty, seasoned old fox as well. Once the situation becomes clearer, he will weigh which side to fall on."

"...Come to think of it, Al, you two were acquainted, weren't you? What's the relationship there?"

If there was hope of negotiating with Olbart, Subaru judged Al to be their strongest asset.
The exchange between Al and Olbart back at the castle keep had suggested as much.

"The Sword Slave Isle, was it? You had some part in resolving an incident that happened there..."

"Oh, yeah, that. Though there ain't really much more to add, y'know? Eight years back, when I was still a sword slave in Vollachia, I got caught up in a rebellion that broke out on the island. The island's sword slaves took a High Earl hostage — the guy'd been watching one of the death matches — and demanded their freedom."

"That sounds like quite a serious affair... and Al did what, exactly?"

"Strictly speakin', it was me and the little Arakiya lady, back when she was still just a kid. And then there's the High Earl who was supposedly the hostage, but... I'll save the details on that one for another time."

Trailing off on the latter half of his story, Al scratched at the back of his neck with an awkward air. It seemed a difficult thing to talk about, but even without the hidden particulars, the gist of it could be gathered well enough.
Al had resolved an incident that had occurred within the Empire, and eight years later, had come to call in the reward for that deed. That was what had let Subaru and the others achieve their goal, and kept them alive to boot.

"Was it really alright to use up such a valuable chance?"

"Chance or whatever, wasn't like I had anywhere else to spend it, so ain't no harm done, right? Honestly, I never figured it'd turn into such a grand bit of foreshadowin' myself. Gotta thank my listless old self back then."

Laughing good-naturedly, Al seemed to have no intention of burdening Subaru any further with the matter.
Just as Subaru felt a swell of gratitude for that consideration, Abel gave a nod of understanding, saying "So that's how it was."
Abel pinched the chin of his oni mask and gently lifted it, baring his true face to Al.

"I had heard that during the unrest right after my ascension, a sword slave from the isle had done some work. I was also told that he had not asked for a reward... was that you, clown?"

"Guess it was. More than that, I'm kinda spooked it even reached the Emperor's ears, and that you actually remembered it right. Seems like you're probably rememberin' every wisecrack I've made durin' the trip too."

"Well done. I shall repay your merit — whatever else may come."

"Oh..."

Baring his true face, Abel's words carried a weight, dressed in an unshakable sincerity.
Reward and punishment as due — that creed of Abel's once again gave him the bearing of an Emperor. Toward one who had earned merit yet asked for no reward, Abel's statecraft showed no mercy.
This time, Al would not likely be able to slip away without accepting a reward.

"Regardless, now that the official letter has been delivered, there's nothing to do but wait for tomorrow's answer."

"That's true enough. There's nothing more we can do from our end. ...Though for what it's worth, Yorna-san's attendant did say the false Emperor's party won't be allowed to touch us either."

"If that is Yorna Mishigure's word, there is no reason to doubt it."

The guarantee of safety conveyed by Tanza — Abel accepted it without hesitation. There seemed to be some circumstance behind it that Abel had not yet spoken of, something Subaru and the others did not know.
And yet—

"Even if I asked you to explain it to me..."

"I decide what information to grant and to whom. Whatever you are able to know is information you may know without harm. — At least, for the time being."

"For the time being... I see."

For a moment, Subaru's tone slipped back to her natural self, and she reined in the discord rising within her.
It would be easy enough to dismiss this side of Abel as uncooperative. But Abel, too, had no wish to court defeat. Just as Subaru strove to do her best, so did Abel strive to do his.
It was only that his methods didn't quite align with Subaru's preference for laying everything out in words.

"So, that about wraps things up for today? Fortunately, we lived to fight another day, and on top of that, we threw a wrench in the other side's plans. Not bad results, all told."

Cutting through the delicate air between Subaru and Abel, Al spoke up loudly.
Picking up on that consideration, Subaru nodded and said, "Indeed."

Despite the irregular turn of events, the first step toward winning over Yorna Mishigure could be said to have gone about as well as it could have, thanks to Al and Medium.
All that remained was to wait once more for tomorrow, for Yorna's official response.

"...I really am exhausted, all at once."

The moment she concluded there was nothing more to be done today, her body suddenly felt heavy.
With the tension released, her body was surely registering all its fatigue at once. A long journey, followed immediately by an audience at the castle, an encounter with the false Emperor's procession, a meeting with Yorna, and finally that decisive confrontation.
Her overworked right arm ached, and her whip, having been pushed hard, needed maintenance as well.
After a great task was done, tending to both body and tools was essential.

"Still, I'm sleepy..."

Pressing a hand to her swaying head, Subaru murmured that with a mind gone hazy.
Seeing her state, Taritta supported her shoulder, saying "Natsumi."

"After such an important tasK. I'll take care of maintainin' the weapons, so please rest early todaY. I'll keep watch for night raids too."

"A night raid, in the middle of the city... what an apocalyptic thought..."

Laughing softly at Taritta's worried fussing, Subaru decided to indulge in her kindness.
Letting out a deep breath, she headed for her assigned room. Just then, however—

"Uu!"

"You again..."

Rui, who was supposed to have been shut away in the next room, leapt at Subaru as though she'd been waiting for this very moment. At the girl gripping her arm, Subaru clutched her head in exasperation.
Wanting attention, appealing for it in that childlike way — coming from anyone but Rui, Subaru wouldn't have minded it at all. But with Rui, she couldn't let her guard down, especially not when she was this exhausted.
Without a word, Subaru brought a finger close to Rui's forehead and flicked it, making her recoil with an "Auu!"

"I have no room to spare for you right now. Now, please move aside."

"Ah, uh-ahh!"

"Ah, she got out of bed again! Sorry, Natsumi-chan! Look, Rui-chan, come over here! With me!"

Rui, clutching her forehead, was hoisted up by Medium's arms reaching from behind. Even so, Rui kept kicking her legs, desperately struggling to leap back at Subaru.
Her figure vanished once more beyond the door, and this time, at last, Rui's mischief came to an end.

"Honestly, what is with her..."

"Even more devoted to you than usual, huh. Might be that, y'know? Even if she can't follow the conversation, maybe she can tell you nearly died."

"――――"

If Al's guess was true, that would mean Rui's behavior stemmed from concern for Subaru.
Accepting that was, emotionally, a difficult thing for Subaru to do. Beneath the innocent, childlike act that Rui put on, there slept, Subaru firmly believed, a wicked and unforgivable malice.
Holding fast to that belief was the fundamental premise underlying the relationship between Subaru and Rui.

"Abel, I'm going to rest in my room. As for you..."

"Never mind me. Even were you present, you would be of little use in an emergency."

"Keep watch for night raids all night long yourself, instead of leaving it all to Taritta-san."

Receiving a reply not worth worrying over, Subaru shot back a spiteful remark of her own.
She felt a little sorry for Taritta, caught fretting in the middle, but for now, this served as a fitting close before turning in for the night.

"Take off the makeup, loosen the clothes... and sleep like the dead."

Returning to her assigned room, Subaru rocked her head back and forth as she began undoing her disguise.
Now that she'd left the Shudraks' settlement behind, the wig couldn't easily be repaired. It needed careful, painstaking maintenance to keep using it, so she handled that process with great care.

She placed the wig in a fine-mesh net and gently washed it, then carefully cleaned the clothes and shoes she'd removed as well.
Having finished the minimum necessary upkeep, Subaru then collapsed onto the bed.
Closing her eyes, her consciousness slowly drifted away.

"When tomorrow comes..."

Things will move again.
When things move, what can be seen will change. When what can be seen changes, a path will open. When a path opens, she will draw closer to her goal. And there, waiting, were all the people she'd been separated from.

"Rem, Beako... Emilia... tan..."

With a dull ache passing through her chest, Subaru called out, in this foreign land, the names of those she loved.
Dreaming of the names of those she loved, and of their reunion, her consciousness faded—


△▼△▼△▼△


"――――"

Slowly, awareness returned, and Subaru opened her eyes atop the bed.
Normally not the best sleeper, she'd evidently been exhausted enough the night before to sleep deeply and soundly. It was a sleep so deep she couldn't even recall dreaming.
That should have gone a long way toward relieving her body's fatigue, but—

"What?"

What had roused Subaru wasn't a sufficient night's sleep, but a clamor of noise.
From beyond the door of the bedroom where Subaru slept, some manner of boisterous voices and commotion reached her. That served as her alarm, pulling her up out of sleep.

Waking to a commotion like this — it was never a good sign.

Outside the window, sunlight leaked past the drawn curtains, telling her it was already somewhat past what could be called early morning.
Feeling the magic city's air already astir with noise, Subaru glanced at the wig she'd left to air-dry, uncertain how to proceed.

Given everything so far, she ought to dress as Natsumi Schwarz, as usual.
But if whatever was happening beyond the door was urgent, there was no time for that disguise. After a moment's thought, she decided that, regardless, confirming the situation came first.
Besides, there was a chance she was simply jumping to conclusions. If it were truly a crisis, surely Al, or Medium, or Taritta — anyone but Abel — would have woken her already.
And so—

"Ow!?"

Thinking this, Subaru tried to climb out of bed and tumbled shoulder-first to the floor.
Sparks flew before her eyes from the impact, and Subaru was stunned by what had just happened to her. It wasn't that she felt unwell, nor had she tripped over discarded clothes.
It was simply that, as though she'd misjudged the distance, her foot had swung through empty air, missing the floor entirely.

— The distance from the bed to the floor was farther than Subaru's leg could reach.

"No way that's..."

Subaru did have her own worries about being somewhat short-legged, but not to any degree that hindered daily life. It was a body she'd been living in for eighteen years, short legs and all.
There was no way she could bungle something so basic — or so she thought, sitting up, only to notice—

— That, compared to the night before, everything in the room looked strangely, oddly large.

"Hey — hey, hey, what kind of joke is this..."

Cheeks stiffening, voice trembling, Subaru patted at her own face. Her heart pounded loudly in her ears, breath quickening, and she crawled forward, her hands and feet tangled in clothes now far too big for her.
She made straight for the mirror kept in her bag — a mirror essential both for touching up makeup and for getting dressed. She held it up to see her own reflection, to find out what had happened to her—

"What is this..."

At what the mirror reflected, Subaru muttered, utterly dumbfounded.
Trembling in her hand, the mirror showed, without question, Natsuki Subaru.
Except—

"――――"

—Except that the one there was a young Natsuki Subaru, a boy who had grown nearly ten years younger.