Arc 7 Chapter 40: "Nachuki Shubaru"

"――――"

Looking at his own face reflected in the mirror, Subaru's throat froze solid.
It was a face he knew, but not one he could call familiar without some resistance — and no wonder, because the face reflected in the mirror was a relic of the past that now existed only within fading memory.

—For what was reflected there was the face of a young boy: Natsuki Subaru as a child.

"What... is this..."

The hand holding the hand mirror trembled, and the pale, childish face shook in small tremors along with it.
When he touched his face with his free hand, patting it as if to check it was real, fingers noticeably smaller than memory dictated for such a young face came into view through the mirror.

Judging by the features and height, this was Natsuki Subaru at roughly ten years old.
Back in elementary school, mischievous little Subaru had been on the short side, easier to count from the front of the line than the back. Even now, with his limbs stretched out to their full length, he barely scraped by at the average height for a Japanese man — but back then, there was no doubt he'd been a shrimp.
From that vantage point, he'd wanted nothing more than to hurry up and grow —

"What the hell is this—!?"

The way his lips and eyes seemed to waver in the mirror wasn't caused by his trembling hand alone.
It was clear, unmistakable proof that his very soul was rejecting the abnormality his eyes now beheld.

It was a sight fit to be called a nightmare.

If one were to simply call this "rejuvenation," there might well be no shortage of people who'd dream of such a thing — but unfortunately, Subaru, still in the flower of his teens, had no connection to such wishes.
Though, even supposing someone did earnestly wish for it, they'd surely want to attach the condition that it come at the right time and place.
That's how absurd an emergency this was.

"I—I can't just stand here...!"

After a long moment spent regaining his composure, Subaru rushed frantically toward the bedroom door.
Surely the inn's guest perk wasn't some punchline about "rejuvenation." It was far more natural to think this was an attack from some hostile party.
He needed to hurry, share the information with his companions staying at the same inn, and search for a way out of this—

"Everyone, something terrible's happened! I know this is sudden, but—"

"Ah, see, Subaru-chin got small too!"

"Wha—?"

Twisting a doorknob that felt higher and heavier than usual, Subaru threw the door open with force, and what greeted him was an unexpected sight — no, one he really should have expected.
Outside the bedroom, in the living room where several people had gathered, the one who broke into a smile at the sight of Subaru was a girl with an adorable face, waving cheerfully with a bright grin.
Clear blue eyes, and golden hair done up in a distinctive braid — a sunny, unmistakable cheerfulness that easily connected this girl to the woman in Subaru's memory.

"M-Medium-san...?"

"Yup, that's me! I woke up and I was small too, I was so surprised! But I'm relieved Subaru-chin got small too. We're buddies now, buddies!"

Throwing both hands up in a cheer, the one chattering away so merrily was a girl of about twelve or thirteen, thin cloth wrapped around her bare skin — a person self-identifying as Medium O'Connell.
Medium had been quite tall for a woman, but having been caught up in the same phenomenon as Subaru, her size had shrunk considerably as well. Even so, she was still about half a head taller than the shrunken Subaru.
In any case—

"'We found a buddy,' she says, like this is something to be happy about... whoa!?"

"Uuu!"

Just as Subaru tried to swallow his initial shock, his body was sent flying by an impact from the side, and someone came crashing down on his chest as he toppled backward.
Crushed under the weight, Subaru let out an unwitting shriek like a squashed frog.

"Ah! Rui-chan, you can't do that! Subaru-chin's small now!"

"Ah, uu!"

"Kyaa! I'm too small too, I can't lift Rui-chan off him~!"

Medium desperately tried to pry off the wild beast thrashing about on Subaru's chest, but her shrunken, slender arms weren't enough to stop the violent little tyrant's rampage.
And so, with Natsuki Subaru the boy about to be trampled with no means of defense—

"Rui, you mustn't! You'll crush Subaru!"

"Ah—"

Along with a sharp reprimand, the heavy monster on his chest was pulled away. Looking up, Subaru saw Rui being pulled away from him, her face inexplicably pained.
The one who lifted Rui by the arms was Taritta, her black hair dyed blue — her appearance no different from what Subaru remembered.

"Whew, thanks Taritta-chan! I wasn't strong enough~"

"N-No, it waS nothing... Are you all righT, Subaru?"

"Ah, yeah, you saved me. ...Guess you're not affected at all, huh, Taritta-san. And..."

Taking the hand Medium offered him, Subaru pulled himself up and looked toward the back of the room.
There, sitting on the sofa, silently watching the whole commotion unfold, was a black-haired man with his face covered by an oni mask — Abel.
He had thoughts about the man's refusal to lend a hand at all, but there was also relief to be found there.

"Abel's fine too, huh..."

His appearance, face hidden and all, was unchanged from yesterday.
Whether that should be called fortunate or not was, in the current situation, impossible to judge.
Still, the displeasure radiating from behind that oni mask made it abundantly clear that the unseen Abel did not welcome this situation.
As proof his inner state was anything but calm, he turned his gaze on Subaru and said—

"A disgraceful sight."

—dismissing the whole calamity in a single line.

"...I always thought I had a decent amount of cute charm myself."

Faced with such a blunt remark, Subaru snapped back with a reflexive jab. But even he knew full well it amounted to nothing more than an empty comeback.
The abnormality that had befallen Subaru and Medium didn't seem to have affected Abel, Taritta, or Rui at all—

"So that leaves one more..."

"—Oh, glad you're worried about me, brother. Was starting to think I'd been forgotten."

"—!"

The moment he worried over the last companion staying at the same inn, the answer presented itself.
Eyes widening, Subaru turned to find a black-haired figure emerging from another bedroom. A boy around the same age as Subaru now, ten or so — his bizarre appearance drew the eye immediately.
After all, the boy had wrapped some haphazardly torn cloth around his face, hiding his features.

"Al, right? ...What's with the mask?"

"...My helmet don't fit anymore. Wrapping cloth around my face was the best I could come up with on short notice. Try not to think too hard about it."

"You tell me not to think about it, but of course I'm gonna think about it..."

With that, the cloth-faced Al waved his right hand at Subaru with a little flourish.
Since the cloth covered less area than the helmet he usually wore, his tied-back black hair — normally hidden — was now on full display. It brought to mind Abel's appearance before he donned the oni mask, when he too had hidden his face with cloth, though Al's wrapping job was far more slapdash.
The overall effect was like some poorly-made movie serial killer.

"...I get that the helmet doesn't fit, but do you really need to force yourself to hide your face?"

"Whoa now, that's a tactless thing to say, brother. I don't wear the helmet for style or on a whim — it's a manifestation of my complex. Looking like a kid, thinking like an adult — that doesn't change a thing. My arm didn't grow back, did it? Which means the scars on my face haven't disappeared either. Same goes for you, brother, doesn't it?"

"That's..."

As he spoke, Al showed off his left arm — still, as ever, missing everything below the upper arm, sliced clean off. Proof that Al's read on the situation was correct.
Subaru, Al, and Medium had all been rejuvenated unintentionally — but this wasn't time turned backward. It was a clear, physical anomaly that had befallen their bodies.

"――――"

Taking Al's words to heart, Subaru lifted his own oversized shirt and confirmed that the old scars covering his body hadn't vanished either. His small child's body was etched with all manner of scars he'd rather look away from. —These months and years spent in this other world hadn't disappeared.
He'd never really imagined a day would come when he'd feel relief at the presence of scars.
But the scars told him something. This was, in essence, nothing more than his limbs having shrunk.
Even so—

"'Nothing more than shrunk limbs,' like some bizarre twist of fate would just casually happen like that."

"Riiight~. Hmm, this is gonna make it hard to help bro with work too. Bro's kinda frail, so this is a huge problem~!"

"True, this is definitely a major blow to the O'Connell siblings' business, but..."

Long-term business plans aside, it was probably more accurate to say the immediate problems were piling up.
As it stood, Subaru's problem was little more than looking silly in clothes that didn't fit, but that surely wasn't the case for Al and Medium.

"Al, you said the helmet doesn't fit — what about your weapon?"

"Good eye. No way in hell I can swing that thing around with these cute little skinny arms."

"I might have trouble holding both of mine too. One might be manageable... ow!"

"Watch out!"

Medium drew one of her twin swords from the sheath at her side, but the blade slipped clean out of her grip, nearly splitting Subaru's knee open.
The blade barely grazed him before sticking into the floor, but it was chilling all the same.

"Waah, Subaru-chin, sorry..."

"I-It didn't cut me, so... but that's pretty dangerous."

Drooping with dejection, Medium pulled the blade from the floor and carefully sheathed it.
A weapon she'd handled with perfect, effortless ease just yesterday was now essentially unusable. For Medium, whose value lay in her combat prowess, this was an emergency shaking the very foundation of who she was.
Setting aside martial prowess, the same could be said of Al.

"So right now, the only proper fighting force we've got left is Taritta-san, huh?"

"Whaaat! I'll do my best even if I'm small!"

"I appreciate the spirit, but that doesn't exactly meet labor standards..."

Medium's unbroken resolve was admirable, but a realistic eye on the situation was also necessary.
With both Al and Medium in this state, the only one who could fight properly was Taritta. —Even with her skill being solid, having just one reliable fighter in enemy territory was, frankly, unnerving.

"Just meE, is iT..."

Indeed, Taritta herself was keenly feeling the pressure.
A role that should have been shared among several now fell entirely on her own two shoulders.
On that point, he felt for Taritta, but—

"It's gonna put a lot of weight on you. But what do we do from here? There's probably eyes watching us — do we run from Chaosflame?"

"...You thinking this was that lecherous castle lord's doing, brother?"

"We're the only three who got hit by this."

Questioned by Al, Subaru nodded quietly.
The common thread between Subaru, Al, and Medium needed no elaboration — yesterday, the three of them had gone as envoys to the Crimson Lazuli Castle. If so, suspecting Yorna's involvement in this shrinking of their limbs was an entirely reasonable line of thinking.

"It seems you're not as flustered as one might expect."

At that exchange between Subaru and Al, Abel — who had been silently pondering — cut in.
True, right after waking up Subaru had come close to a real panic, but having run into Al and Medium sharing the same fate had considerably eased that turmoil.
In a sense, the "buddies" Medium had spoken of might well be the truth of it.
Even so—

"Maybe I just missed my window to freak out properly. Might realize how much I miss my height and weight once I run into more inconveniences with this body."

"Even shrunk, you're still a man who won't shut his mouth."

"Adaptability and cleverness are about the only things I've got going for me."

Though it seemed likely to earn him even more scorn as a smart mouth, Subaru shot back without hesitation regardless. Sure enough, Abel's gaze sharpened behind the oni mask, muttering "such insolence" with open exasperation.
But he didn't stop there — he continued.

"You may abandon your suspicions of Yorna Mishigure. Whatever is afflicting you is not the working of techniques she wields."

"...You're sure of that?"

"As far as I can surmise. Whether it's worth your trust is for you to decide."

Abel flatly denied the suspicion Subaru had just voiced.
However, the grounds for that denial apparently existed only within Abel himself. Tossed the choice of whether to believe him or not, Subaru's mouth twisted into a discontented line.
But it didn't take him long to work through it.

"...Fine. I got it. But if it's not Yorna's doing, then who?"

"The one responsible is most likely Olbart Dunkelkenn."

"Olbart... that old man from yesterday!"

Swallowing his discontent and choosing to trust the guess, Subaru heard Abel name the architect of this situation.
The name spoken from his lips belonged to the diminutive old man who had accompanied the false emperor at Crimson Lazuli Castle yesterday — reputedly one of the "Nine Divine Generals."
Among the generals said to be the strongest in the empire, he held the title ranking third from the top. Naturally, Subaru had expected him to be a formidable figure not to be underestimated, but—

"Didn't think he'd turn out to be some bizarre freak capable of pulling off something this nonsensical..."

"Even I cannot fathom the depths of that man. But I cannot deny what has occurred. ...Though if it's merely a matter of disguising appearances, others besides Olbart could manage it."

"...Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like this is some kind of illusion."

He'd already pinched his own cheek and tried every method of waking from a dream.
The possibility of his perception being warped by magic or drugs, making him see an illusion, was likely off the table. The fact that his limbs really had gotten shorter, and that he'd actually lost a physical struggle against Rui's strength and weight, was proof enough.
The way his clothes and Al's helmet no longer fit — the physical effects on their bodies — couldn't be overlooked either.
Abel had probably thought as much himself. He raised no particular objection to Subaru insisting this was a genuinely physical effect.

"Well, at least we don't have to tuck our tails and run anymore, that's something... but this is a pain. Even Abel-chan here, who used to be emperor, doesn't know this old man's fighting style, huh? Just who the hell is he?"

"He is the head of a party that masters a special set of techniques known as 'Shinobi.'"

"Shinobi... ninja?"

"—. What is that?"

Abel questioned Subaru, brow furrowing at the word that slipped from his mouth.
Hearing "Shinobi," the reflexive association would be the equivalent term "ninja." But that word apparently sounded fresh — or rather, bizarre — to Abel's ears.
Still, to Subaru it felt like a faint trace, however slight, of the knowledge from the world he knew — the same sensation he'd had upon first encountering Kararagi dialect or Wafu architecture.

"This 'Shinobi' — do they use ninjutsu, do espionage and assassination stuff under cover of night?"

"I have no familiarity with this 'ninjutsu,' but the primary duties of the Shinobi are as you understand them. ...Though that should not be information that comes out so easily, should it?"

"Back where I'm from, people with a similar job are called ninja. Right, Al?"

"Hm? Oh, yeah, yeah. A humor-loving quartet of turtles."

Perhaps struck by the same association as Subaru, Al — lost in thought — gave an answer that was slightly off the mark. Characters from a beloved old cartoon; Subaru didn't dislike them, personally.
Regardless, explaining the details wouldn't mean anything to Abel, and he too apparently judged it a topic not worth digging into further, choosing not to press for more.
Instead, Medium's eyes went wide with an "Ah!"

"If it's that old man from yesterday's doing, maybe it's that! You know, when we escaped from the castle..."

"When we escaped...? ...Ah."

"Me and Subaru-chin both got poked in the chest!"

Medium's exclamation was a bit misleading in its wording, but Subaru had a point of reference too.
That had been yesterday, during the escape from Crimson Lazuli Castle — the life-or-death struggle to fulfill Yorna's spitefully harsh condition.

Fleeing from the thorns of Kafma, the false emperor's guard, and breaking through the tenshu tower's walls to escape outside, Subaru and the others had each been struck by a single blow from the pursuing Olbart.
And yet that attack from the "Nine Divine General" had inflicted no visible harm on any of them.
—At the time, they'd let that stand as good enough. But there was no way it had truly been nothing.

"Even so, there's no way anyone could've predicted this, normally...! Besides, that explains it for me and Medium-san, but what about Al? Why'd you shrink?"

"My bad, brother. I traded blows with the old man a few times myself before making my escape. Wouldn't be strange if I got poked somewhere along the way. Figured if the wound wasn't gonna kill me, it didn't count."

Growling in a low voice — low, that is, for a boy whose voice hadn't broken yet — Al muttered as if blaming himself for his own oversight.
But it was misplaced for Al to blame himself. Al had fulfilled his own role and brought Subaru and Medium back alive from that do-or-die situation. The same could be said of Medium.
So it was Subaru who should have realized it.

If he couldn't contribute as a fighting force, he should have kept his attention on every possible development.
The result of failing to do that was this very "disgraceful sight" Abel had spoken of.

"There's no way I can show Rem a state like this... being the same size as Beako is just gonna make Emilia-tan treat me even more like a little kid."

"Even if I shrink, there's no way the princess is gonna dote on me like she does Schult-chan. This whole development's got a real 'who even benefits from this' vibe to it."

"You're all surprisingly calm about it... I've been nothing but flustered thiS whole timE..."

To Subaru and Al discussing their shrunken bodies, Taritta — her complexion poor — confessed her true feelings.
Still holding the squirming Rui in her arms, Taritta, who'd become the sole remaining combatant, was clearly troubled. She almost seemed to feel guilty for having escaped the effects.
Of course, in truth, Taritta was the only one here who was normal, both physically and mentally.

"Honestly, if I don't crack a few jokes right now, I feel like I might just start screaming."

"IS that righT?"

"Yeah. ...It's that unsettling."

It wasn't his young body itself.
It was the fact that his body had been remade without his consent — the collapse of his own sense of self that felt so revolting.

"――――"

Subaru had a certain pride in having been through all manner of experiences in this other world.
Experiencing "death" was surely the greatest of them, but he could say without exaggeration that the sheer density of this past year and a half — in color, in flavor, in intensity — was beyond comparison to what any ordinary person went through.
And yet, set against any of those experiences, the indescribable revulsion of having his very self remade stood out above them all.

"So this is the feeling the victims of 'Lust' have been going through..."

Hugging his own thin, small shoulders, gritting his teeth, the sound of buzzing wings echoed in Subaru's mind.
It was the sound of wings from the water gate city, from those who had fallen victim to the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of "Lust" — the memory of the victims whose bodies had been turned into flies, who even now waited for salvation.
If merely being turned into a young version of himself brought this much wrongness, then the tragedy of those who'd been remade into something entirely different as living beings surpassed Subaru's shallow understanding with ease.
An act that forced such a feeling upon someone — that was, without question—

"—Vile, one might call it."

Abel, arms crossed, pinpointed exactly what was in Subaru's heart, cutting off his breath for a moment.
He met Subaru's uncertain gaze turned his way, and said,

"That man Olbart bears the epithet 'the Vile Elder'... true to that name, he employs his Shinobi techniques to carry out all manner of vile special missions."

"Special missions, huh. Does that include stuff like 'go turn the target into a baby,' no matter how ridiculous?"

"No such foolish order exists. —Though, seeing this calamity, perhaps even that isn't beyond possibility."

"――――"

Abel's remark in response to Al carried a weight too heavy to laugh off as a joke.
In practical terms, given that Subaru, Al, and Medium had all been made young like this, there was no way to even guess at what Olbart's techniques could or couldn't accomplish.
Grasping the situation as such, the thing that now weighed most heavily on their minds was—

"This... we can go back to normal, right?"

"I cannot say for certain. But it is natural to assume there exists some means of reversing it."

"W-What's your basis for that?"

"There is no reason to administer a poison that will not kill quickly, other than to negotiate with one's opponent."

Hearing the grounds for Abel's reasoning, Subaru found himself quietly convinced.
This phenomenon — for convenience, let's call it "Infantilization" — could be likened to the act of administering poison, and from that, one could infer the other side's intent not to bring about immediate death.
If this was some scheme meant to extract some kind of concession—

"TheN, would there bE some kind of contact from the other sidE...?"

"I say again. I cannot say for certain. But—"

Looking back at Taritta, who'd caught her breath, Abel remarked that hoping for too much was itself poison. And just as Abel was about to continue his sentence—

—there came a knock at the door from outside.

"—!"

Given what had just been discussed, everyone's attention and tension snapped toward the door.
Subaru too stiffened, wondering if this might be the herald of contact from Olbart, the one responsible for the "Infantilization." However—

"—Excuse the intrusion so early in the morning. I come on behalf of Lady Yorna Mishigure."

The voice delivered through the door was, for this particular moment, disappointing news.
Out of a mix of letdown and anticlimax, the heightened tension slackened limply. On the other hand, it took a beat too long to realize that news of an envoy from Yorna meant the reply to yesterday's letter had arrived.
And likewise, a beat too long to recognize the owner of the voice that had brought that reply.

"That voice, it's the deer-human kid from yesterday. See, it's Tanza-chan."

"Sounds like it. Got it. In that case, let's have her in... that okay?"

Nodding at Medium, who'd held up a finger, Subaru turned to Abel to ask whether it was all right to let her in. At Subaru's glance, Abel fell silent for a moment, then slowly nodded.
Seeing this, Subaru moved to head to the door to greet the visitor.

"No, allow mE."

Cutting off Subaru, the one who stepped forward first was Taritta. Handing off the squirming Rui to Medium, she had the others step back and moved toward the door herself.
On this point, it had to be said that Subaru was the one lacking a sense of danger. Without even thinking about it, they couldn't simply open the door unguarded.
And as things stood now, the shrunken Subaru's idea of caution was no different from being defenseless.

"Excuse the intrusion. I've come to deliver Lady Yorna's words."

With a small bow, the one who stepped over the threshold was, sure enough, the deer-human girl Tanza.
Just as yesterday, the kimono-clad girl stepped into the room, took in the gazes of those gathered to receive her, and came to a stop.
It was unclear what the girl, with her scant expression, made of a room so unusually full of children. Though it should be noted that her gaze lingered longest on the suspicious man wearing the oni mask.
In any case, the girl surveyed the room and said,

"Where might yesterday's envoys have gone?"

"Uh... they're out on some business, but should I go call them?"

"—. No, if you could simply pass along the message afterward."

Tanza's attention flitted repeatedly toward Abel at the back of the room.
He'd thought her an unusually competent attendant, but it seemed she had her own cute side — unable to tear her eyes away from something that caught her interest.
Still, the report she'd brought would have a major impact on the group's future.
With quiet tension, they awaited Tanza's next words.
And then—

"Lady Yorna has read the letter and will give her formal reply in person. To that end, we ask that you all present yourselves at Crimson Lazuli Castle."

"...She actually read it, huh."

At Tanza's words, delivered with a bow, Subaru felt an unbidden wave of relief.
It might be a rude thing to think, but he'd genuinely wondered whether, even after all that, Yorna might've torn up the letter on a whim.
It was the same lack of reassurance one felt dealing with a haughty cat, or with Priscilla. The impression was that no reliable strategy for handling her could be found.

"Not gonna deny the princess is a handful, but surely even she knows how to read the room, TPO and all... nah, actually, not too confident about that either."

Reading Subaru's inner thoughts from his expression, Al — attempting to defend Priscilla — gave up partway through. Proof enough that even he, with his long history of dealing with her, struggled with the woman.
Regardless, it was a relief that one half of the pressing situation seemed to be moving toward a peaceful resolution.
With that, the only major problem remaining was their "Infantilization"—

"We ask that both the master who penned the letter and yesterday's envoys come to the tenshu tower."

"—Gack."

"—?"

Hearing the involuntary groan slip out, Tanza tilted her head, the corners of her round eyebrows drooping.
Not wanting his agitation to show, Subaru forced an ingratiating smile, waved his hand and said "nothing, nothing," forcibly brushing off Tanza's suspicion.
Whether satisfied by that or simply uninterested, Tanza straightened her tilted head and said,

"We will await you at Crimson Lazuli Castle around the tolling of the Hour of Fire bell."

"Understood, in full. Well done. You may withdraw."

"—. Yes, please excuse me."

The specified time — the Hour of Fire bell — could be taken to mean roughly noon.
Having conveyed the arrangements for the meeting with Yorna, Tanza bowed once more and turned to leave the room. As she did, Subaru called out "um—" to her retreating back.

"Yes, what is it?"

"Just want to confirm, to be safe — the main invitee is the one who wrote the letter, and yesterday's envoys are just extra, right? So if, for whatever reason, the envoys have trouble attending..."

"Lady Yorna has instructed that the envoys be invited as well."

"――――"

"Please see to it that Lady Yorna's word is not disregarded within this magical city."

Tanza's tone was flat, but carried within it an unshakable, absolute resolve.
Leaving those words behind, she saw the messenger girl off and closed the door. Then, drawing a deep breath, Subaru turned around.
And then—

"...Do you think the state we're in right now meets that condition just now?"

—he said, holding out his own transformed arm, posing that very question.