Re:Zero EX: "Life in a World Mistaken from Zero"

*This is the annual April Fools' project.*

*This story takes place in a parallel timeline to the main series, so things might feel a bit strange.*
*I wonder if our sharp-witted readers will be able to spot what is different.*
*Well then, if you'll have me, see you again in the afterword.*

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※


　――This has gotten seriously bad.

　Standing there helpless without a single cent, my mind was entirely consumed by that kind of resignation.
　Granted, calling myself penniless wasn't completely accurate. I had a wallet in my pocket, and except for the fact that most of its contents were small change and point cards, well, I thought it was pretty average for a person.
　At least, it was about average for the savings of a high school student without a part-time job.
　Still, it was a situation where I'd end up being called penniless――or rather, I was actually called that once, which dealt unexpected damage to my pride.
　I'd heard people say that lack of money starves a person's soul, but I never knew that applied to others as well.
　In any case――,

"As I thought, the currency value here is totally different..."

　Fiddling with the ten-yen coin in my hand――a so-called 'reeded ten'――a sigh escaped my lips.
　It wasn't a particularly rare reeded ten, just something I happened to find and kept in my wallet. Still, I had secretly hoped there might be a moment where it would come to my aid like a prince on a white horse. However, that expectation was vainly shattered.
　A glass heart broken for the exact value of ten yen.

"――――"

　Speaking of breaking glass hearts, the rude stares thrown my way from the surroundings were part of it too.
　Gawking as if looking at some rare, bizarre creature, those numerous gazes had been sticking to me wherever I went for a while now, which was exceedingly annoying.

　I don't think I have a particularly stand-out appearance.
　While people often point out my mean-looking eyes, other than that I'm an utterly ordinary human.
　Un-dyed black hair, a room-wear tracksuit that wasn't a school uniform――well, if wearing loungewear outside is considered bad, I was prepared to hold a press conference of apology for letting my guard down.
　Granted, I didn't have the confidence that anyone would actually listen to my press conference properly.
　After all――,

"In short, this is *that* thing, huh."

　I crossed my arms and tilted my head, right as a loudly clattering wheel passed right beside me. The horse carriage that wheel belonged to wasn't pulled by a horse, but by a huge lizard for some kind of joke.
　Besides that, the owners of the rude gazes gawking at me were all people dressed up in costumes so enthusiastic you'd think it was Halloween in Shibuya――no, not costumes, real implementations. What does 'implementation' even mean here?
tPondering what 'implementation' meant in this case while staring at the sky, I admitted it.

"――It seems to be a 'summoned to another world' scenario."

　Flicked from my finger, the reeded ten spun with a light metallic sound into the hateful blue sky.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


　――Natsuki Subaru was born in Japan's Heisei era, part of the relaxed education generation, et cetera, et cetera.

　There is no point in tediously recounting Subaru's unremarkable life here.
　The key points to keep in mind are that Subaru is a high schooler who, for minor reasons, was somewhat of a shut-in, and after returning from a trip to the convenience store, drifted into an unknown world. That's all you need.

"To think it can be explained in just that much... what a convenient Isekai summoning..."

　Convenient among convenient, no truck needed, a world you can drift into with a single blink.
　Since you don't even need a license, anyone under eighteen can charge into another world safely without worrying about their life. However, going to another world is a one-way ticket, and the free time after arriving at the destination is immensely long.
tFor Subaru, who had spent all her free time during middle and high school field trips playing at game centers because she had no one to hang out with, this was quite a harsh situation.

"This world doesn't look like it has arcades... No, wait, even in my original world arcades were constantly declining and being forced to close down. Everyone, play games outside more!"

　Perhaps, in a place Subaru didn't know about, an environment for playing games outside had been set up to replace game centers, but that was to be ignored.
tOr maybe online games and environments where you could play with people without going outside played a part in the depopulation. Subaru didn't play online, so she didn't know.

"When I play games with people, my competitive streak kicks in and makes me want to die."

　Complaining about the state of modern gaming like that wouldn't improve Subaru's situation.
tIn the end, being thrown into a fantasy world flat broke with nowhere to go remained unchanged.

"Fortunately, I confirmed we can communicate, and given the level of civilization, I can probably avoid dropping dead on the street out of nowhere...?"

　Saying that, she envisioned *Status Open!* into the empty air, but nothing appeared.
tApparently, it wasn't the kind of world transfer where you could view your status screen.

"To begin with, there's no apology from the god who sent me to this world by mistake, nor is there any sign of a beautiful girl who summoned me. They're being a bit sloppy here... Ah, crap."

tWiggling her fingers in the air, her eyes taking in the situation began to glisten damply.
tShe had been maintaining a double layer of escapism in another world, but as the things to check ran out, she began to vividly realize her own predicament.
tIf left like this, tears might spill uncontrollably right here.

tA high schooler wailing in the street was embarrassing enough to potentially grace the corner of a local newspaper.
tFearing being seen by those around her, Subaru hurriedly ducked out of the main thoroughfare and slipped into an alley. There, she pressed her forehead against the wall and sniffled, "Ugh~."

tShe was aware she was an unfilial child, and that in itself was pitiful enough to make her want to die, but stacking up unfilial acts in *this* direction was unexpected.
tNever leaving home no matter how old she got, making her parents worry about their own retirement.
t*That* was the direction she had anticipated. ――No, now that she thought about it clearly for the first time, maybe it was better this way.
tIf anything, after she vanished, if her loving parents lived happily together――

"――Hm?"

tJust as Subaru was trying to dam her tears with such useless thoughts, she raised her head at a sudden sound vibrating her eardrums.
tHer gaze turned toward the entrance of the alley. It was an entrance facing the main street, but at this moment, no passersby could be seen. ――It was blocked by three human figures.

tThe figures appearing in the alley were staring at Subaru, who was bumping her forehead against the wall.
tThe rude stares were similar to the ones on the street, but these felt vulgarly sinister, carrying much more explicit malice.
tNamely――

"Oh crap, a forced event triggered."

tHer welling tears dried up instantly, and Subaru turned around to face them while hiding her inner turmoil.
tHer heart was pounding wildly. A quick glance showed the back of the alley was a dead end with a high wall. Wondering why she had walked into a place like this, she was shocked at her own low sense of crisis.
tEven in modern Japan, people repeatedly warned her to be careful on dark night roads.

"No, don't cower, don't cower! Sure, the status screen didn't open, but it's too early to give up on everything...! If it's an Isekai story, an overpowered turn-around from here is totally possible! I can do this, I can do thissss...!"

"Man, she's mumbling something weird to herself."

"Probably doesn't get the situation. Why don't we teach her?"

tIn contrast to Subaru desperately hyping herself up, her opponents' attitude was cold to the core.
tFrom their perspective, Subaru was ultimately weak prey, and they felt like hunters unilaterally leading the hunt. It was three against one, so it wasn't an incomprehensible thought.
tIt wasn't incomprehensible, but――

"Heh, enjoy feeling high and mighty while you can. Just so you know, simulating how to deal with being picked on by the roadside like this is my daily routine. I'll mow you down one after another and turn your EXP into tomorrow's bread...!"

"I don't know what the hell you're talking about, but I know you're making fun of us. I'll beat you to death."

"That's... my line!"

tFirst strike takes the prize! That thought flashed like lightning, and Subaru's feet kicked off the ground.
tAnd then, the trio widened their eyes in surprise, as Subaru's fist slammed right into the bridge of the lead one's nose――

"――Tch! You've got some nerve, asshole!"

"Huh? Is that how it works?"

tTaking Subaru's fist on her nose, the girl leaned back, her eyes burning with rage.
tTo make matters worse, Subaru's own punching hand hurt immensely, to the point where the pain almost brought tears to her eyes.
tHowever, that was merely the prelude to the tragedy about to strike Subaru.

"Hey, hold her down! I'm gonna beat her senseless!"

"Eek! Ah, wait, wait! This isn't what I expected!"

tAt the order of the one who was punched, the remaining two――one short and one tall――extended their arms, and in an instant, Subaru was taken captive, pinned against the wall.
tShe tried to squirm, but pinned down by two people, she couldn't budge an inch.

"Now, prepare yourself. You're gonna pay a heavy price for acting cocky."

tSaying that, the medium-height girl Subaru had punched――a slender 'girl' with sanpaku eyes and a gaze no less sharp than Subaru's――approached while flashing her long tongue.
tAs if agreeing with her opinion, the other two 'girls', one tall and one short, also chuckled nastily.
tSeeing that, Subaru realized the absolute worst-case scenario of her situation――

"I'm sorry it was completely my fault please just spare my lifeーー!"

tAnd so, Natsuki Subaru, seventeen years old, frantically begged for her life in a high-pitched voice during a maiden's dire crisis.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


tWith both arms and legs held down, Natsuki Subaru was rendered completely unable to resist.
tGazing at Subaru in that state, the sanpaku-eyed girl rubbed her punched nose and wiped the trickle of blood onto Subaru's tracksuit.
tAnd then――

"Black hair, black eyes, weird outfit... and what's in that bag you're holding? I just got punched. If this doesn't net me some cash, it's a huge loss."

"I-I wonder about that... look, my precious clothes just got blood on them from you, so their value might have dropped a bit... Ah! M-Maybe a rare Eastern girl would sell for higher if you don't mark her up, is what I was thinking... *Gagh!*"

"I don't like girls who talk too much."

tA hard sensation jabbed into her solar plexus, shutting up her pleading mouth.
tLooking closely, a knife was now gripped in the sanpaku-eyed girl's hand. Panicking for a second, it turned out what poked Subaru's chest was the hilt of the knife.
tShe wasn't stabbed. But it was a declaration of intent that she could be stabbed anytime.

tCold sweat drenched her, and the blood drained from her body.
tRealizing she was in a seriously, *seriously* bad spot, her consciousness threatened to go white.

"Out of the way, out of the way! You guys over there are seriously in my path!"

tAt that moment, a voice echoed through the alley like a storm slicing through a battleground.
tSubaru and the others snapped their heads up, and the owner of the voice was dashing furiously toward them from the entrance of the alley.

tIt was a short boy with flowing golden hair.
tWith resolute red eyes, playful snaggleteeth, and a somewhat cheeky facial structure, he was a natural beauty whose potential would shine if polished.
tSeeing that figure, Subaru felt a premonition of a story beginning and clenched her fist.

tSurely, this boy overflowing with chivalry would serve as the catalyst to save Subaru from her predicament and open a new page in this otherworldly adventure tale――

"Looks like a crazy scene, but sorry! I'm busy! Stay strong!"

"Wait, WHAT?! Are you serious?!"

tTrashing Subaru's expectations, the boy dashed right past the captive Subaru, leaped cleanly onto the dead-end wall, expertly used a handhold as a foothold, and pulled himself up onto the roof.
tThen, with the swift agility of a stray cat, he climbed all the way up and gallantly vanished over the other side.
tHe vanished. There wasn't even a sign of him returning.

"Could it be that just now cleared your bad mood and you've changed your minds?!"

"If anything, pouring cold water on us ruined my mood even more. Don't think you're getting off scot-free!"

tTap-tap. Slapped on the cheek with the flat of the knife blade, Subaru swallowed hard.
tWhether as an expression of intent to hurt her or a sign that something even more grueling awaited, the tension mounted, and Subaru squirmed violently.
tHowever, that only earned her captors' displeasure and was not a wise choice.

"Stay still!"

"Gyah!"

tA kick landed on her twisted torso, sending her collapsing to the ground. Even as she tried to crawl away, a foot was placed on her back, instantly pinning her down.
tA baptism of another world――summed up in words, it ended in just a phrase.
tBut for Natsuki Subaru, it was everything.

tWas she going to end here, fading away as one who lost to the harsh ways of another world?
tLeaving nothing behind, accomplishing nothing, all alone. ――Dying?
tDying was terrifying. Dying was terrifying, too. But even more terrifying, horrifying, and making her body tremble uncontrollably was ending up as an empty nothing.
tWith nothing to her name, Subaru would――


"――That's enough, evildoers."


t――In an instant, a voice clear as a silver bell echoed, serenely freezing the air in the alley.

"――――"

tTime stopping――this was what it meant.
tTime hadn't actually stopped. It was just that the moment that existence appeared, every world ceased its motion, unable to do anything other than gaze at him.

tNot just Subaru, but the trio surrounding her lost their words and stood frozen.
tThat was how extraordinary his presence was, and how breathtakingly handsome he was.

tA young man who could only be described as beautiful.
tEven in the dim alley, his silver hair sparkled, while his dark violet eyes held dignified strength and sincerity as light. Every feature on his well-defined face was perfectly placed.
tHis eyes, his nose, his lips, his eyebrows――every single part was sculpted with flawless beauty.
tWearing a white robe embroidered with a hawk-like bird, the young man gazed toward Subaru and the others, moving his thin lips,

"I cannot overlook any further outrageous behavior. ――That is enough."

tOnce again, to correct the evil before his eyes, he declared with absolute clarity.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


t――The events that followed were a story straight down the righteous path that anyone could imagine.

"J-Just you wait――!!"
"You won't get away with this!!"

tLeaving behind parting threats, the three female thugs panicked and fled from the alley.
tWatching them leave, the silver-haired young man eased his shoulders in relief, alongside――

"Come back two days ago, why don't you? Well, assuming you even could."

tWaving a small hand, the one seeing off the fleeing trio was a gray speaking cat.
tFloating fluffily in midair, swaying a long tail. It looked like a cute mascot, but the moment the female thugs saw it, they scattered like spiderlings.
tOf course, it was highly likely that the young man's magic shown right before that――a highly practical, low-fantasy attack that shot icicles――had taken effect.
tIn any case――

"――You're looking for something important, right? I'd like you to let me help."

"――――"

tA young man who had something he was searching for, apparently chasing the boy who had fled into the alley.
tSubaru, who had nowhere to go, but didn't want to be an ungrateful person who ignored her savior.

tTheir objectives didn't match, but they could at least walk in the same direction.
tAt Subaru's proposal, the young man hesitated,

"Isn't that fine? Honestly, wandering around the capital like this, it's doubtful we'll make progress anyway. The more hands, the better. Even as a meat shield."

"Watch your phrasing!"

"――Tink, don't say such opportunistic things."

tThe floating little cat made an X over its mouth with its paws. Glancing at it, the young man sighed, a subtle melancholy and a hint of expectation dwelling on his beautiful face,

"I really can't give you any reward, you know?"

"My reward is my own daily good deed! Plus, the right to hang around a handsome guy who's by far the dreamiest prince in my history――that's more than enough!"

"I have no idea what you're talking about."

tAnd so, he diffidently took Subaru's outstretched hand.


tThus, the newly formed Natsuki Subaru party was created.
tWith synchronized teamwork and the active performance of the accompanying little cat, the two magnificently specified the location of the person they were searching for, the situation developed rapidly, and after this and that, they were happily united――!

"――Is NOT how things go in this other world!"

"What do you mean?"

"Searching for a stolen object in a large city... we lack connections and local knowledge, the necessary things."

tIn front of the tilting young man, on a high hill overlooking the cityscape, Subaru was at a loss once again.
tIt was a journey to find something important, but the investigation had hit a major deadlock. First of all, her lack of exercise backfired, leaving Subaru's legs and hips terribly shaky from walking around.
tIn addition, as mentioned, connections and local knowledge――the necessary tools for an investigation――were lacking.
tThere was one more thing, which she couldn't possibly reveal to the young man――

"*I can't read the letters...*"

tShe felt fine because they could communicate verbally, but she couldn't read the signboards in the city or the direction signs at all.
tShe had been fooling herself into thinking the art on the signboards was avant-garde, but that wasn't a self-hypnosis that could last long, so it ended up being very disappointing.
tAt any rate――

"――Even so, getting a lead on the slums is progress."

tThe young man was so gentle that he properly celebrated even slight progress.
tNot only was he handsome, but his heart was kind to the core. Exposed to the cold winds of another world, Subaru felt her freezing body and soul being rescued.
tRather than her initial impression, spending time with him revealed a somewhat precarious innocence, tickling her dormant maternal instincts.
tSubaru's maternal instincts, famous for only working when watching animal TV shows.

"I can vaguely see into people's hearts, so I'll say it: you're quite stupid, aren't you?"

"Shut up. As a mascot character, try to wrap things in bubble wrap a bit more. Magical girls won't grow under these conditions."

"The only one I'm raising is this boy, you know. ...Speaking of which, I haven't heard your name yet. Isn't it about time for introductions?"

"Introductions! Now that you mention it, true... Okay, I'll go first!"

tPushing herself up from the railing she was leaning against, Subaru cleared her throat lightly.
tThen, pointing a finger skyward right on the spot, she struck a sharp posture with a twist of her hips.

"My name is Natsuki Subaru! Ignorant of left and right, and on top of that, naturally penniless! Please treat me well for a long time to come!"

"Hearing just that makes it sound like a desperate situation. Yeah, and I'm Tinkerbell. Call me Tink. Nice to meet ya~"

tThe fluffily floating little cat――Tink――dived into Subaru's hands, resulting in a handshake where hands and whole bodies collided.
tHowever, Subaru tilted her head,

"Tinkerbell is the same as the fairy name I know. Though that one was a girl."

"Then isn't that fine? I'm a girl too. A female."

"Ah, I see."

"More importantly, I'd prefer you not call Tink a fairy. ...You can say whatever you want about me, but Tink is..."

"Huh, wait?! Did I offend you somehow?!"

tSquishing Tink in her hands, the young man said that with a strangely lonely expression.
tSubaru panicked at the sight of his long eyelashes trembling, but instead of Subaru, Tink casually chimed in, "It's okay,"

"This kid has no bad intentions at all. 'Fairy' seemed to be a compliment in her book."

"Is... that so?"

"Umm, yeah! Like cute or fantastical, that kind of image... people don't really say that here? Ahaha, sorry, I'll be careful!"

tRiding on Tink's cover, Subaru quickly fabricated a cover story.
tThat said, it wasn't a complete lie either. In fact, she hadn't used 'fairy' in a bad sense, and it was also true that she didn't know the rules of this world well.

tThe moment he heard that, the young man nodded as if convinced, "I see." Then, he suddenly closed the distance with Subaru, gently taking her hand while she leaned back at his good scent.
tUnintentionally, an ugly voice leaked out, "Whoa?!"

"No wonder I thought your hands were so pretty. You don't look like you do much manual labor, and your hair and eye colors are rare... Hmm? What's wrong?"

"Y-You're too close, too close, my eyes are gonna go blind! I mean, it's a feast for the eyes, but still!"

"――?"

tUnaware of his own beautiful face, Subaru was completely overwhelmed by the young man flaunting a beautiful weapon.
tThe young man knitted his brows at Subaru's reaction, which also made her feel unbearable, so Subaru hurriedly tried to change the atmosphere,

"I-It's your turn next, right? Um, what's your name?"

tTo cover up her panic, Subaru deliberately asked in a light tone.
tHowever, at that question, the young man cast his eyes down for a split second. Seeing that, Subaru fell into a river of immense anxiety, wondering if she had messed up, or if it was arrogant of her to want to know the name of this handsome guy――

"――Luna."

"Huh?"

tRescued from drowning in regret by the young man's sudden murmur, Subaru gasped for air.
tAnd to Subaru, who was taking big breaths, the young man turned his dark violet eyes,

"Luna... how about calling me that?"

tDespite introducing himself, he had an attitude as if he didn't really want to be called that.
tFor Subaru, she would have preferred starting with a surname that was easier to say. Calling someone of the opposite sex by their given name right off the bat――especially someone this cool――was high difficulty.
tFor now, she made a wimpy resolution to get through it using second-person pronouns for a while.

tWatching the interaction between Subaru and the young man――Luna――Tink, still held in Subaru's hands, murmured a single line,

"That's in bad taste."

tA murmur that reached no one's ears.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


"Could be Forte. A nimble blond kid, right?"

tIt was a little while after starting questioning in the slums that they hit upon that crucial piece of information.
tReaching this point, Subaru finally felt a sense of accomplishment that she had been of use to Luna. After all, Subaru's artistic skill had contributed to acquiring this information.

"Believe it or not, there was a time I thought about making a living drawing illustrations. Well, my spirit broke against the reality that there are tons of people better than me."

"Is that so? But this looks super good to me."

"I'm happy to hear you say that! No, really, I'm not just being modest."

tSaying so, Subaru hid the wooden board behind her back, on which she had drawn the stolen item's thief――Forte, a name she had finally obtained.
tForte was a momentary encounter, and during the biggest crisis of Subaru's life.
tTo make matters worse, right after that she experienced the most shocking encounter of her life, so she had been slightly worried whether that had erased the boy's face from her memory.

tFortunately, it didn't turn out that way; enough memory remained to draw a chibi illustration, which ended up helping acquire this information.

"Even so, the Loot House, huh... It's definitely a terrible place."

"It's said to be a place where stolen goods are sold off, so I suppose it is. ...Hey, you've helped me more than enough. From here on out..."

"Hold on, hold on, hold on! I thought you'd say that, but hold on! I can't let you go alone to a place we know is dangerous! Especially when that fairy... no, Tink, isn't here!"

tAlmost slipping up on the taboo word, Subaru hurriedly corrected herself while pressing Luna.
tTink, the spirit who was with Luna, had retreated mid-search. Apparently, there was a limit to her activity time, and she had used up today's time.
tIn other words, from here on, Luna would be fighting a lonely battle unless Subaru was there.

"I can't let you do that. You're way more precarious than you think."

"I don't want to hear about being precarious from you... Wandering here and there, if I hadn't stepped in, you would've been in danger with those three girls too."

"That was... maybe an unknown power awakening... No, scratch that. In my life, if I had any luck, I used it all up meeting you..."

"――? I don't really get it, but does that mean you're going to be unfortunate forever?"

"Meaning-wise, that's correct, but that's not the point I want you to focus on!"

tLuna tilted his head with a question mark over his head at Subaru's plea.
tAt that frustrating response, Subaru pressed her fingers together in front of her chest,

"Anyway, I don't want to leave you alone. Once I start a good deed, let me see it through to the end!"

"...Well, I do think it's a bit scary to leave Subaru alone, too."

"*Oof.*"

"――?"

tSubaru panicked as he called her name naturally, without any special awareness.
tShe had somehow managed to talk without getting flustered, but the impact of having her name called so naturally by this naturally beautiful boy was still huge.
tHowever, wanting to be with him wasn't purely out of ulterior motives.

"――――"

tLuna was Subaru's savior.
tEven after that, he didn't ask Subaru for a reward, and went so far as to put off his own crisis to save her. ――She wanted to repay that debt.
tLiving peacefully without repaying it was something Natsuki Subaru could not do.

"...I'll be in front, and Subaru in back. Don't step out front. You... look like a super fragile girl, for some reason."

"Even I realize I'm weaker than I thought. I won't do anything reckless... Whoa, I think this is the rumored Loot House."

"This is..."

tAs they talked, their feet finally arrived at a large, old, one-story building deep in the slums.
tThe surroundings had already grown dim, passing evening and approaching night.
tIn this other world, places with ample night lighting seemed rare; except for parts of the capital, most lights other than residential ones were turned off.
tNaturally, a luxury like streetlights wouldn't be placed in the slums――

"It's pitch black. How do we..."

"I have Lagmite Ore. I think this will be enough light."

"Lag-mi...?"

tIn front of Subaru, who knitted her brows at the unfamiliar term, Luna rummaged in his clothes and pulled out a white stone. When he tapped it against a nearby wall with a click, a sudden light spread out.
tIn Subaru's sight as she uttered an "Oh" in surprise, the source of light was the white stone in Luna's hand.

"This is Lagmite Ore..."

"When impacted, the stored mana is released as light. ...Subaru, how did you live without even knowing this?"

"My great predecessors developed awesome energy stuff..."

tThere's a saying about thinking of home when far away, but convenience is something felt amid inconvenience.
tConvenience felt as a matter of course――how happy that truly was.
tAt any rate――

"Alright, we have to get the insignia back. Let me go inside right away."

"Wait, wait, calm down. It's not that simple."

"Eh?"

tSubaru grabbed the arm that was about to valiantly charge into the Loot House with the white light in hand. Then, facing Luna's puzzled expression, Subaru sighed.
tThis was it. She couldn't leave this personality alone when it walked the righteous path too straightforwardly.

"Look, the guys inside stole that insignia from you, right? Yet, if the victim walks right in, there's no way they'll quietly return it."

"Is that so? If I talk to them properly, maybe they'll admit they were wrong and give it back..."

"What a peaceful world... But what if they don't give it back?"

"If that happens... Ah, could it be, a fight?"

"That phrasing is cute. Tickling my maternal instincts."

tLuna made a face as if the thought hadn't occurred to him, and Subaru shrugged her shoulders with a sigh.
tPerhaps because he was a pacifist himself, in a world where stepping into an alley meant bumping into female thugs, Luna's way of thinking was remarkably soft.

tOf course, if Luna charged in and voiced his opinion openly, trouble would be unavoidable.
tAnd it wouldn't be just a fight; it could easily turn into a much bloodier situation.
tThat was why――

"I'll go in first and negotiate."

"Subaru! I told you, that's no good. You're weak."

"Being called weak stings even if I'm a girl! Say 'frail' instead!"

"You're frail!"

"My heart skipped a beat!"

tLuna corrected himself obediently; she knew he was genuinely worried about Subaru.
tShe understood, but Subaru couldn't back down here.

tShe wanted to look good in front of him.
tIn addition to that, she wanted to properly return his stolen item to him.

"Sure, I'm frail. But precisely because I'm frail, violence isn't an option from the start. You've seen I'm pretty good with my mouth by now, right?"

"Mmm..."

"If push comes to shove, I'll come right back. We can have a strategy meeting after that. At least let me check if the insignia is actually there."

tPressing her hands together, Subaru looked up at Luna with one eye closed.
tEven looking from a low angle, she was shocked by how handsome he was, but she didn't break her begging stance. In the end, Luna remained silent for a moment, groaning――

"You absolutely must not do anything reckless, okay?"

tHe yielded to Subaru's proposal.
tThen, he gently handed over the Lagmite Ore. Receiving the stone, which surprisingly didn't hold heat, Subaru smiled and said, "Leave it to me."

"Since you're worrying about me, I can't cause you any more anxiety. Relax, you can draw a bath at home and wait for me, Luna."

"――Ah."

"Hmm?"

tCracking a joke, Subaru turned her back to head toward the Loot House.
tLuna's raspy voice called out behind her, stopping Subaru's feet. Gazing at Subaru, Luna shifted his gaze a few times, and then,

"Sorry. When you come back, I'll apologize properly, including about that."

"I don't know what you're apologizing for, but don't make a face like a puppy. It tickles my maternal instincts."

"Dummy."

tReceiving such cute scolding and concern, Subaru headed toward the Loot House for real this time.
tPlacing her hand on the front door, it opened slowly with a creaking sound. Unlocked was careless, but if the owner was inside, it wasn't surprising.
tHowever, for an owner to be inside――

"It's dark..."

tInside the dark building without a light source, Subaru immediately raised the Lagmite Ore to secure her line of sight.
tWhat greeted Subaru right after entering was a large counter like one in a tavern. Looking closely, the interior had that kind of feel, so maybe it was originally a tavern building.
tOf course, it didn't look like it was currently operating as a tavern; within sight was a miscellaneous, inconsistent stack of items――likely a pile of stolen goods.

tWooden tags were hung on each stolen item, probably with prices written on them.
tThings looking like numbers were written, so maybe as a starting point to learn letters, this could come in handy.
tThinking about that, Subaru shifted her gaze among the stolen goods, hoping to find the 'insignia' Luna was looking for――

"Eh?"

tThe soles of her sneakers felt the sensation of stepping on something wet with a squelch.
tAnd it wasn't just water, but a somewhat viscous liquid. Feeling a rapid sense of dry throat, Subaru slowly pointed the light straight ahead, illuminating where the liquid trailed.
tAnd she saw it.

t――The corpse of a large old woman, her throat slashed and one arm missing.

"Eek!"

tThe moment she recognized that 'death', an iron-like metallic scent slipped into Subaru's nasal cavity.
t――No, the smell must have been there all along. It was just that this strange space and tension prevented Subaru from recognizing it as such. The moment she recognized 'death', it instantly took on reality, and a chill wrapped around Subaru's entire body.

tShe had to run right away, right now.
tLeave here immediately, to Luna outside, right now.

"――Ah, you found it, didn't you? Then it can't be helped. Ah, it truly can't be helped."

tA man's voice spoke.
tLow and flat, yet carrying an undisguisable pleasure, a man's voice.

"Ugh, aaagh――!"

tThere was no time to turn around.
tThe moment she tried to face the direction of the voice, an impact blew Subaru's body into the wall.

tSpilling a groan, Subaru's body tumbled across the floor, sprawled out on her back.
tThe Lagmite Ore rolled out of her hand, illuminating an off-target location. Meanwhile, dizzy, Subaru was immediately burned in the abdomen by intense heat.

"Ghh... ah, it's hot!"

tAn overwhelming 'heat' dominated her entire body.
tAnd instinct intuitively felt that it would have a huge impact on maintaining her life.
tShe had to stop that heat immediately, but her body wouldn't move.

t――Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot.

tEven trying to scream that, what spilled from her open mouth wasn't a scream, but blood clots.
tCoughing, she vomited endlessly overflowing blood from her mouth. Even though she was on land, experiencing such hot agony, feeling like she was drowning to death was crazy.
tAnd as she drowned, Subaru realized.

t――Ah, is all of this my blood?

tHer body lying on the floor was soaked in a sea of blood expanding damply.
tDrowning in blood overflowing from inside her own body was an experience she was having for the first time, and she thought most people who had that experience ended their lives right after.
tAnd unfortunately, Subaru seemed about to follow the same precedent.

tYes, the moment she became conscious of her end, the world rapidly receded.

tThe heat threatening to burn her whole body away, and the suffering of drowning, grew distant.
tConsciousness left her body, heading toward a far-off place out of anyone's reach, taking everything away.
tFollowing it, if she faded away, no more worries――

"――baru?"

tThat silver-bell-like voice anchored Natsuki Subaru's 'soul' to the earth.
tShe wanted to believe it was a hallucination. Because she couldn't see, hear, or feel anything anymore.
tDespite that, why did only his voice conveniently reach her ears?

tIt was all some kind of mistake; he hadn't entered this building.
tDying here was enough for one foolish visitor from another world――.
tSo――

"――hk!"

tA brief scream was heard, and the carpet of blood welcomed a new visitor.
tThe collapsed body was right beside her, where Subaru's limply stretched arm lay.

tA limply fallen white hand and her own bloodstained hand overlapped.
tIt was all coincidence.

tHowever, because the faintly moving fingertips felt like they firmly gripped her hand back.

"...Hold on."

tGrabbing the nape of her receding consciousness, she forced it to turn around to buy time.
t'Pain' and 'heat' were all far away, everything was nothing but the howl of a loser.

tStill, even so――

"I will definitely..."

t――Save you.


tIn the next instant, Natsuki Subaru lost her life.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


"――What's wrong, missy? Staring blankly all of a sudden."

"Huh――?"

tDirectly asked by a woman with thick eyebrows and an intimidating presence, Subaru was stunned.
tBlinking her eyes repeatedly, she let out a long, deep breath.
tThen――

"Eh?"

"Not 'eh'! You're the one who talked to me first. Appas――are you buying or not, which is it?"

"A-Appas..."

tThrust right before her eyes was a red, round fruit――an Appa.
tNo, since she called it an Appa, maybe it was an Appa.
tEither way, whether she was buying or not.

"I'm penniless."

"――. Is that so, just window shopping? In that case..."

"In that case?"

"Get lost, fast! You're in the way of business!"

tShouted at with full force like that, Subaru scrambled to escape the spot.
tEscaping, looking around, bathed in bright sunlight from above――

"Wait, what does this mean?"

tShe could do nothing but tilt her head.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


"Hyah! Take this where you can never train!"

"Gyaaah!!"

tReceiving Subaru's heel strike right on her instep, the sanpaku-eyed girl screamed and tumbled over.
tImmediately picking up the knife the girl dropped in her panic, Subaru brandished it while glaring at the remaining two girls――for convenience, let's call them Dumb, Dumber, and Dumbest, confronting Dumb and Dumber.

tAt Subaru's sudden move, the two girls' reactions were delayed.
tSeeing Dumbest already incapacitated, they seemed afraid to face Subaru. In that case, she just needed to push that fear further.

"Just so you know, I love the sight of blood! Which one of you is gonna moisten this dry alley first, tee-hee-hee-hee!"

"Eek! T-This girl is licking the knife!"

"She's crazy! She's insane! Let me out of here!"

tTerrified by Subaru licking the knife for show, Dumb and Dumber screamed, picked up the fallen Dumbest together, and frantically fled the alley.
tWatching them leave until the end while her mouth dripped saliva all over the knife, Subaru sighed.

"*Ptu, ptu*, dirty. ...But I shouldn't throw this away, I'll keep it."

tFortunately, she had managed to borrow the knife sheath from Dumbest's waist as well.
tCarrying it exposed would be reckless, but carrying it like this should be no problem. ――Having a weapon was better than not. After all, she had to hurry.

"Luna is in danger...!"

tEntering the Loot House, a sudden shock, and Subaru lost consciousness.
tShe didn't know why she was suddenly returned to the street after that, but maybe a passing street healer had healed Subaru and left her without saying anything.
tShe didn't know the answer. Since she didn't know, unknown things were put off.

tThe most important thing was the fact that she had to go to the Loot House.
tShe couldn't let Luna, that naive young man, die.

"Hurry, Natsuki Subaru...! At least accomplish that much...!"

tTasking herself with that, Subaru hurriedly ran toward the Loot House at full speed.


　　　　　t　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


"This sounds ridiculous, but Old Lady, have you died recently?"

"Wahahaha! What are you blabbering about now? I'll admit I'm a half-dead hag, but unfortunately, I haven't died yet. Well, at my age, the reaper won't be far off."

tSaying that, watching the old woman gulping down alcohol poured into a glass, Subaru curled her lips.
tIn front of Subaru, drinking alcohol across the counter, was the master of this Loot House and the old woman who had greeted Subaru when she burst in――Old Lady Rom.

tStanding over two meters tall and wearing stylish rags tailored from leftover cloth, she seemed to have a generous nature, even inviting Subaru into the store like this despite their extremely rude first encounter.

tHowever, being welcomed into the shop by Old Lady Rom was itself the source of Subaru's confusion.
tAfter all, as far as Subaru knew, she――

"――She was dead, right."

tHer throat deeply gouged and one arm severed, Old Lady Rom had died.
tWitnessing that, Subaru had been attacked in the Loot House right after. Of course, since both Old Lady Rom and Subaru were unharmed now, calling that reality would be weird.

tHowever, in that case, Subaru had seen an incomprehensible vision of the death of a woman named Old Lady Rom, whom she had never even met.
tIn the first place, if so, what happened to Subaru wandering around searching for the Loot House with Luna?

"...In the end, what is real, and why am I here?"

tBeing summoned to another world was an unexpected event for Subaru in itself.
tThat alone was enough to make her head burst, yet strange developments followed one after another. What on earth was she doing this for――

"――Am I stupid? No, I'm an idiot."

tHolding her head, questioning her own purpose, Subaru recognized herself as a fool.
tTrue, she didn't know why she was in another world. But she knew the reason she was in the Loot House. ――It was to repay her debt to Luna.
tEven if that was a dream, Luna definitely existed.

tEven if he didn't know, Subaru owed him a debt.
tBelieving that served as Subaru's support in this helpless world.
tJust as Subaru became conscious of the pillar supporting herself――

"――Huh? What's with this girl? Hey, Old Lady Rom, you didn't sell me out, did you?"

tYes, hearing the rude boy's voice――Forte――Subaru raised her head.
tWhile Old Lady Rom mediated, Subaru pulled out a tool of civilization from her pocket that could be a trump card for negotiations with him――her cell phone,

"Now, now, let me talk to you, boy. It's not a bad deal for you. In fact, you'll definitely benefit from listening."


　　　　tt　tt　t△▼△▼△▼△


"――I see. So you're involved."

tTriggered by Subaru's careless remark, the situation moved in a bloodthirsty direction in an instant.

"Ah, ah, ah..."
"Damn it...!"

tPushed to the ground, falling on her bottom, Subaru widened her eyes, unable to make a sound.
tForte, kneeling beside her, bit his lip regretfully, eyes filled with rage that hated his own helplessness.
tAnd no wonder. Because――

"I'll return this. It's something I no longer need."

tSlowly, the tall back bent, placing a glass on the Loot House floor.
tIt was a glass that had contained milk, its tip broken, red blood adhering to the sharp edge. Blood that served as evidence of slashing Old Lady Rom's throat just seconds ago.

t――A man with black hair and a long braid hanging down his back.

tThe person who called himself Ains casually spun a curved kukri knife in the hand opposite the one that placed the glass, and turned around.

tSlanted eyes and lips faintly warped with the lingering taste of blood.
tA fair-skinned, well-formed handsome man, but his blood-dyed black attire highlighted his dangerous aura. Behind him, Old Lady Rom lay collapsed, her large body sinking onto the floor, no longer moving.

tThe negotiation between Subaru and Forte over Luna's insignia.
tWith the entry of Ains, the person who hired Forte to steal the insignia, it took an unexpected turn, leading to a bloody conclusion no one had anticipated.

t――Or perhaps Ains alone had expected this result.

"You bastard, I'll never forgive you...!"

"Hmm, I wouldn't recommend resisting. It will only hurt more."

"Even if I don't resist, it'll hurt anyway, you freak!"

"I meant that if you move, my hand slips. I'm careless with bladed weapons. My reliable younger brother points it out to me often."

tShaking his head gently, Ains handled the kukri knife like a juggler.
tA blade spinning freely; if it whirred, the result was obvious.
tAll that was left was――

"...Sorry for dragging you into this."

"I-I'm...!"

tForte apologized to Subaru, who was still sitting on her bottom, unable to move.
tAnd before she had time to stop him, Forte's figure vanished from sight. Literally, his figure became the wind, dashing through the world at intense acceleration.

tForte kicked the Loot House floor, instantly picking up the glass that killed Old Lady Rom.
tThen he kicked the wall, attempting to deliver a vengeful blow to Ains.
tHowever――

"'Divine Protection of Wind'... wonderful. You are loved by the world, aren't you? ――I'm jealous."

tA murmur laden with ecstasy leaked out, and the delusion riding on that last word turned into a blade and slashed.
tForte, who aimed at Ains from behind, received a blade swung straight down, brutally severed at the shoulder.

tSplatting blood, Forte's body flipped violently. By some twisted mercy, his body collided with Old Lady Rom's large corpse, falling over to overlap.
tThe corpses of the two who were close were layered in a terribly morbid way.

"You won't move until the end, will you?"

"Ah..."

tWatching Forte and Old Lady Rom's desperate fight, Ains stood before Subaru, who was at a loss for words.
tStained with the blood spray of those two, Ains wiped the blood on his white cheek with the back of his hand. Looked down upon by those black eyes, Subaru regained the breath she had forgotten.
tAnd pushed by the anger bubbling up inside her――

"Ah, you finally stood up. Slow and boring, but not bad."

tSeeing Subaru stand up, Ains sneered gracefully.
tThe moment she saw that smile, Subaru recklessly charged at him in anger.
tHowever, that reckless charge was mercilessly intercepted by Ains's knee.

"But it's completely useless."

"Ghah..."

tA brutal, genuine violence――nothing like the violence she suffered in the alley――crushed her internal organs.
tVomiting the milk she had been served, Subaru clutched her stomach and backed away.
tAnd then――

"It's over. Let me introduce you to an angel."

tWith such a twisted whisper of love, Ains's posture leaned forward slightly.
tThe moment she sensed that as a preparatory action for his next move, alarm bells rang in Subaru's brain. Following the warning of those alarm bells, Subaru moved.

"What――?!"

t――Targeting the belly, Subaru made a split-second evasion just in time.

"U-Aaaaaah――!!"

tShouting, Subaru thrust her arm toward Ains, who swung wildly in front of her.
tGripped in that hand was the knife stolen from Dumbest in the alley. Frantically, she pointed that knife straight at Ains's chest.

tWhether he would lose his life as a result wasn't in her mind.
tJust frantically trying to overcome the life-threatening crisis in front of her, she thrust the knife.

"――Ah, I felt that just now."

t――Ains stopped the thrust knife by letting it pierce through his own raised left hand.
tHe could have grabbed Subaru's wrist, but he deliberately let it pierce his palm.
tAs if it were a reward for Subaru's valiant effort.

tThe unpleasant sensation of piercing a human body with a knife bounced back to Subaru's hand.
tHer brain was burned by the horrifying sensation, and a scream almost spilled out.
tHowever, faster than that――

"――Guh."

tThe returned blade slashed open Subaru's torso, spilling her contents onto the floor.


　　　　　t　t　t　t△▼△▼△▼△


"――Wait, wait, Luna!"

"――――"

tOnce again wrapped up in an incomprehensible supernatural phenomenon, her thought circuits were on the verge of shorting out.
tJust as she wanted to throw everything away and collapse, Subaru spotted the silver-haired young man passing by on the street and desperately chased after his back.

tHearing Subaru's voice, the young man in the white robe stopped his feet.
tBelieving it wasn't a mistake, turning around in front of Subaru was the young man with dark violet eyes she had longed to meet again.

tMeeting him made her feel as if everything had been rewarded.
tAfter the forced separation at the Loot House, she didn't know what kind of time he had spent. She wanted to talk about that too, as well as the ridiculously painful experience Subaru went through.
tSurely, if it was him, he wouldn't make fun of her story and would listen.
tShe was thinking that with a crying feeling――

"What are you trying to do?"

"Eh?"

"I don't know who you are, but calling someone by the name 'Warlock of Envy'――what are you trying to do?!"

tKnitting his brows firmly, he shouted with a face holding genuine anger.
tDirected with a sincere rage he hadn't even shown to the female thugs in the alley, Subaru was struck speechless, experiencing a terror that drained the blood from her entire body.

tWhat on earth had she said?
tFacing Subaru, who was trembling like that, Luna exhaled deeply,

"I want you to answer me. Why do you call me by that name?"

"W-What do you mean? Because you told me to call you that..."

"――. I don't know who told you that, but it's in terrible taste. Calling someone by the name of the 'Warlock of Envy', the symbol of taboo, an existence too sacred to even speak of."

tExpressing overt disgust, Luna――no, the silver-haired young man stared at Subaru.
tSubaru didn't understand the meaning of his anger. However, it seemed his anger was justified, and the people witnessing their argument on the street were also looking at Subaru with blaming eyes.
tIn this place, by the common sense of this world, the one who made a mistake was Subaru.
tEven though she didn't know what it was. Even though she didn't understand.

"...Did you really mean no harm?"

"――Ah."

"Making a face like that... well, maybe I said too much as well."

tSubaru's expression must have been truly desperate.
tSeeing the silenced Subaru, the young man continued worriedly. That reaction was proof that his core kindness hadn't changed.

tBut if it hadn't changed, what was this?
tHis attitude as if he didn't know Subaru at all. With this, that encounter, him saving her, the path after that――it was as if everything had never happened.

tAnd so, stepping into an incomprehensible situation, the world left Subaru behind once again.

"――hk!"
"What?!"

tSuddenly, a small shadow jumped down into the crowd of passersby. Creeping up behind the young man worrying about Subaru, it quickly snatched something from inside his coat.
tSurprised by the sudden event, the young man put his hand inside his coat, his face changing color.
tHowever, the one whose face changed color was Subaru as well.

"Forte?!"

tSearching the young man's coat and running away was Forte――the very Forte who should have been brutally murdered by Ains in front of Subaru's eyes at the Loot House.
tTurning his back, he dashed gallantly through the thoroughfare.

"He got me! Stalling me for this... were you in on it too?!"

"N-No! I'm...!"

"No! Give that back!"

tBecause Subaru called Forte's name, she bought the young man's misunderstanding.
tTo retrieve the stolen item, the young man hesitated for a moment on whether to apprehend Subaru, but immediately dashed off, chasing Forte's back.
tFollowing that dashing back, Subaru also hurriedly followed.

"Wait! Wait...! Why, what is this place?! Someone be nicer to me! What is the point of being in another world?!"

tShouting at the absurdity of this world, Subaru turned her welling tears into anger and screamed.
tOf course, there was no answer. Neither the careless god who sent Subaru to this world nor the beautiful girl who summoned Subaru to a dying world was anywhere to be found.

"Damn it! I lost him!"

tCatching up to the alley the two ran into, what was before her eyes was a dead end.
tSurely Forte and the young man had climbed over this wall. With Forte's agility, it was easy, and the young man could surely use ice magic to make a foothold.
tBut Subaru couldn't. She couldn't climb over the wall.

"Where... the Loot House?"

tIf everything led back to that, going to the Loot House again might be a possibility.
tHowever, since all bad things happened at the Loot House, Subaru also felt a strong, intense fear of heading to that place once more.
tBut then, what else could Subaru do?

"Fine! I just have to go, right?! I'll go!"

tSlamming the wall with all her might, Subaru returned from the alley to the street, attempting to head for the Loot House.
tHowever, turning around, her feet stopped right there, and a long, trembling breath leaked out.
tBecause――

"...No way, seriously?"

tStanding as if blocking the entrance of the alley, three familiar female thugs were there.


　　　　　ttttt△▼△▼△▼△


"――An ability like 'Return by Death' that assumes I'm a loser is so typical of me."

tExperiencing her third 'death', Subaru finally arrived at that conclusion.
tLifting the hem of her tracksuit, the abdominal wounds from being slashed twice and the wound near her lower back from earlier were completely gone.
tSince she was a girl after all, she was grateful no wounds remained on her body.

"Well, I have a scar near my temple from tripping and stabbing myself with chopsticks as a little girl, though. Isn't it a bit too early for me to become damaged goods? Take responsibility, chopsticks."

tEven one-hundred-percent wooden chopsticks probably weren't made to hold something so heavy.
tTherefore, responsibility for damaged Subaru was shelved into the future.
tAt any rate, putting aside such tangents.

"Time travel... or whatever you call it. Time-manipulation abilities are almost the strongest in fiction, but only returning by dying is so useless..."

tOf course, wondering if there was another method, she had tried wishing, chanting original spells, and doing plausible things.
tHowever, there was no sign of time travel triggering, and at present, the condition 'triggers when Subaru dies' couldn't be updated. ――Even so.

"My clinging to life... even I'm amazed at myself."

tThey say an idiot won't be cured even if they die, but an idiot not dying is going too far.
tStrictly speaking, she was dying, so she didn't know what to say anymore.

"But I have my cell phone and corn soup here. I know as information that these sell for a high price now... I guess this is an advantage."

tSearching her pockets, the cell phone she should have handed over was indeed there.
tIn the plastic bag in her hand, the corn soup meant as a snack for Old Lady Rom's alcohol remained. And Subaru already knew these were favored even by people of another world.

tSell these off, secure funds, and establish a foundation for living in another world.
tFor Subaru, who currently continued in a helpless state, it was a perfectly valid option.
tHowever――

"Even if I don't go, Ains will rampage and Old Lady Rom will die. ...Maybe Forte was there too."

tAt the first Loot House, what Subaru saw was only Old Lady Rom's corpse.
tHowever, imagining how the trigger for that tragedy was pulled, it felt highly likely that Forte being greedy in negotiations switched on Ains's impulses.
tIf so, Forte's corpse might have been rolling around in the Loot House as well.

tIf Subaru didn't act out of self-preservation, those two would fall into crisis.
tThat was, somehow――

"Irksome. ――Wait, was I always such a decent person?"

tShouldn't she think more about herself, which was why she could be a shut-in?
tOverlapping such self-derision, Subaru slowly stood up, determining what she had to do.

tHead to the Loot House and stop the tragedy that would happen there.
tSave Forte and Old Lady Rom, ride on that gratitude, and retrieve the insignia Forte stole. And return that insignia to Luna――no, to that young man.

"So that was a fake name, huh? Figures. Usually, you wouldn't give your real name to someone who looks suspicious from first glance like me. ――In that case,"

tShe wanted to know his real name, not that fake name.
tEven if it became something that never happened, the fact that he saved Subaru was real, and surely in the same situation, he would save Subaru again.

"This time, I have to work hard so he'll properly tell me his name at least!"


　　　　ttttt△▼△▼△▼△


"Someone――!! Call a man, pleaseee――!!"

"Y-You shout out of nowhere, you bitch?!"

tSubaru's silk-rending scream echoed, making the female thugs blocking the alley panic.
tThey were faces she was seeing for the fourth time today, and last time they were the ones who took Subaru's life.

tAlthough last time's 'death' seemed like the result of an accident, it was a fact she had been killed once. There was no guarantee she could pull it off smoothly like two times ago.
tIn that case, taking advantage of public power was a solid strategy.
tIf someone's help arrived, it would be a blessing. Even if it was a cold world where no one helped, she could exploit an opening to pin down Dumbest's legs, snatch the knife, and threaten them――

"――That is far enough."

tFor a moment, Subaru imagined a hot wind swept through the alley.
tNot particularly loud in volume, yet dignified, it cut through the air of the alleyway, instantly snatching away the awareness of Subaru and the three female thugs present.

tThe owner of the voice was a red-haired woman standing at the alley entrance.

tLong, flame-like red hair. Blue eyes like trapped clear skies held a brightness as if charged with a mission not to overlook any injustice in this world.
tSlender and tall, her long limbs wrapped in white attire, that person unreservedly exposed a heavenly beauty that would break any artist's paintbrush, walking over.

"Whatever your reasons, I will not permit any further violence against her. That is far enough."

tA majestic warning; its content was meant to save Subaru, but to Subaru, it sounded not like a warning, but a softly echoing love song.
tAn absolute presence whose reason for being was to shelter, cherish, and protect everything.
tIf possible, a presence that made one want to listen to that voice forever――

"Y-You, no way..."

tAt that woman's appearance, Dumb, Dumber, and Dumbest turned pale, their lips trembling.
tThe three stared at the woman from top to bottom, swallowed hard, and――

"Flaming red hair, blue eyes... a knight's uniform, and a dragon-claw mark on her knight sword..."
"T-The 'knight among female knights'!"
"Adelheid... 'Sword Saint' Adelheid?!"

"It seems introductions are unnecessary. However, that second title is still too heavy for me. Or so I think."

tThe woman――the one called Adelheid――added a wink to her last sentence.
tHowever, tightening her expression right after, the pressure emitted from her beautiful, dignified face mercilessly enveloped the three except Subaru.
tThroats twitching, cold sweat began to pour from Dumb, Dumber, and Dumbest.

"If you leave now, I will look the other way. But if you insist on continuing, I shall be your opponent. Three against one, you have the advantage in numbers, but as a knight, I shall face you."

"J-You gotta be kidding! It's not worth it!!"

tAt Adelheid's dignified declaration, Dumb, Dumber, and Dumbest panicked and fled the alley.
tWatching the three run away with clattering footsteps, Adelheid exhaled briefly. Then she turned to Subaru, softening her expression gently,

"It seems we're both safe. Are you hurt?"

"...What a dignified big sister."

"Hmm?"

tAt Subaru's word of involuntary admiration, hands clasped together, Adelheid tilted her head.


　　　　ttttt△▼△▼△▼△


"――Forte, don't open it! You'll be killed!"

"...I wouldn't suddenly do something scary like killing people, you know."

"Eh?!"

tFrom the open Loot House door, Subaru widened her eyes at the figure appearing there.
tInside the building, Subaru had previously made contact with Forte, attempting to buy back the insignia he stole from the young man before negotiating with Ains.

tIf she made contact with Ains, there was no telling what spark would set him off.
tHe was a dangerous man. Since there was no prospect of defeating him, avoiding a fight was top priority.

tIn response to Subaru's earnest appeal, the money-grubbing Forte seemed somewhat touched, and with Old Lady Rom's assist, the negotiation was moving to the next phase.
tHowever, appearing there with the opening words was the silver-haired young man in question.

tSeeing the sudden appearance of the insignia's owner, Subaru's thought was, "Without me, you arrive at the Loot House this fast?!"――the shock of realizing she had been severely holding him back.
tAnd once that shock passed, what remained in the room was――

"Young man, you're an elf, aren't you?"

"Strictly speaking, no. ...I'm only a half-elf."

"Half-elf? And silver hair... no way!"

"Wrong! It has nothing to do with me. ...I'm troubled by it, too."

tAmidst the standoff, Old Lady Rom saw through the young man's race, and that issue spread.
tHonestly, it was a back-and-forth that didn't click for Subaru, but somehow it felt related to the reason he disliked being called 'Luna'.
tHowever, rather than the two staring each other down, Subaru, who understood the situation, should mediate.

"Now, now, let's calm down. Forte, admit defeat. Give the insignia back to him, and then... you take it and leave. Treat your precious things carefully so no one takes them again. It's a promise with big sister."

"――? I don't understand why you're being so kind to me. Besides, I think I'm much older than you."

"I'm not convinced either, missy. In the end, what are you? Didn't you want this insignia too?"

"I originally just wanted to return it to its owner..."

tWhen Subaru answered the sulking Forte, the young man widened his eyes, "To me...?"
tSubaru knew it wasn't something easily believed, so she was about to wrack her brain on what cover story would be best――

"――――"

t――She saw a gliding black shadow appear behind the young man in an instant.

"――Tink! Block it!!"

tSubaru's voice came out simultaneously as a flashing blade closed in on the young man's nape.
tHowever, before the blade could sever the young man's slender neck, an ice shield created right there intervened.

tA clear sound echoed, and the young man fell forward. ――No, he didn't fall.
tDiving forward, he put distance between himself and the lethal blade.

"Tink...!"

"My, my, that was barely in time, but we made it."

tNarrowly escaping 'death', the young man called his spirit.
tResponding to that call, Tink wiped her face with her paws and then looked toward Subaru.

"That was a great call-out. Thanks to that, my kid was saved."

"Glad I could help. Glad you hadn't clocked out for the day yet!"

tThumbs up, Subaru and Tink acknowledged each other's existence.
tAnd the figure whose attack was thwarted jumped backward to put distance between himself and everyone――Ains stood swaying, swinging his kukri knife.

tIn this situation, he calmly surveyed everyone,

"A spirit, a spirit is wonderful. I haven't opened up a spirit's belly yet."

"Hey, what the hell is going on?!"

tThrusting cold water on Ains's blood-colored excitement was Forte.
tPale-faced Forte protested the outrage of the client who hired him to steal. But Ains was not someone to whom a reasonable protest worked.

tSure enough, Ains turned cool eyes toward Forte's plea.
tPierced by that gaze, Forte's eyes trembled, "Ah."

"Unfortunately, you misconstrued the intent of my request. What I wanted was the insignia, and the owner of the insignia is a separate matter. At this point, I have no choice but to silence everyone."

"T-That's crazy..."

"Perhaps so. ――However, you were the one who failed to complete the job. Unusable tools are replaced. Is there anything strange about that?"

"――hk!"

tAins's coldheartedness calmly discarded Forte's existence.
tReceiving that, Forte's eyes trembled with deep pain.

tTrue, Forte might have done something stupid.
tWithout Subaru, he might have lost his life due to that foolish, shallow thought.
tBut because that wasn't the case here.

"Don't screw around, you sadist! Saying whatever you want to a kid like this, boasting your victory――aren't you embarrassed, acting so childish! Man, mom is disappointed!"

"――? I don't think you are my mother."

"It's a metaphor, a me-ta-phor! Also, I'm so pissed off I don't even know what I'm saying myself, so sorry about that! Apologies! But jabbering like this is actually buying time, you idiot! Everyone in the living room, please stay tuned!"

tAins knitted his brows in confusion at Subaru's string of meaningless words.
tAt Ains's attitude, Subaru clapped her hands, trading her maiden gauge and time to ask if there was a better way,

"Alright, that's it! Get him, Tink!"

"What an impressive display of clumsiness. ――But I'll answer those expectations."

tSubaru clapped her hands in front of her chest, and Tink laughed and answered her call.
tSurrounding Ains, who snapped his head up, countless icicles materialized to fill the inescapable space.
tPointing their sharp tips at Ains, the icicles were fired straight ahead――

"We haven't introduced ourselves yet, gentleman. My name is Tink. ――Remember my name at least before you pass on."

tIn a flash, a tremendous impact sound and white smoke swallowed the inside of the Loot House.


　　　ttttt△▼△▼△▼△


"'Bowel Hunter' Ains Granhiert."

"――'Sword Saint' line, Adelheid van Astrea."

tWithout planning it, both named themselves to each other, and immediately after, sword spirit swelled up.
tA white light unleashed――yes, light.

tA slash was unleashed from the swung sword, becoming light that split the Loot House, the atmosphere, and the sky.
tThe surging severity left sound behind, and the blowing impact wave turned into wind right after, exploding the Loot House from the inside like it contained a tornado, blowing everything away.

tThe swirling wind threatened to blow away stolen goods, timber, and even human bodies, which Subaru endured by grabbing the collapsed Old Lady Rom's huge body and pulling pseudo-Luna close.
tEnduring, enduring, enduring, enduring, enduring, enduring, enduring――

"Ngyaaaaah――!!"

tMaking a face a girl shouldn't make and a voice she shouldn't let be heard, she endured to the end.
tHaving endured through it all, Subaru slowly relaxed her body and raised her head. What was there was a clear night sky and a sky full of stars――

"T-The building is gone..."

"I'm glad. You seem unharmed."

tHearing Subaru's collapsed voice, Adelheid turned around and smiled.
tIn her hand, the ordinary sword forced to perform the biggest outrage since its creation slowly turned to dust after fulfilling its role.

tIt was the result of Adelheid, an extraordinary existence, drawing out power beyond the sword's own existence. ――Whether that was happiness for the sword, she didn't know.

"What do you mean 'hunting monsters is my domain'? You're way more of a monster yourself!"

"If you say it like that, even I get hurt, you know."

tWith a bitter smile, Adelheid watched the sword-turned-dust drift away in the wind.
tAt the lonely color dwelling in her profile, Subaru regretted her words for a moment. Even if it was a light joke, was it something she shouldn't have said?
tHowever, faster than apologizing,

"Is it over safely, I wonder..."

"Ah, are you okay? Can you stand properly?"

"Yeah..."

tTink's retreat and treating the injured Old Lady Rom.
tAnd fighting Adelheid seemed to have imposed some kind of strain, as pseudo-Luna, whose face was deep with fatigue, stood up supported by Subaru.
tTouching the supple yet far from sturdy arm of the young man, Subaru stared intently at pseudo-Luna's face,

"――? What is it? Staring like that is super rude, you know."

"No, I was just checking if your neck was still attached and your arms and legs weren't missing."

"...Of course they aren't. Don't tell scary stories."

tThough surprised, pseudo-Luna checked his own limbs as if anxious.
tWatching pseudo-Luna, Subaru also exhaled a deep sigh of relief.

tFinally, *finally*.
tFinally, they had reached this point.

"Speaking of which, I haven't thanked you yet, Adelheid. Really, seriously, you saved us. Same with the alley earlier, did you hear my scream?"

"It seems I'm Subaru's big sister, after all. ...Just kidding, it would be wonderful if that were true, but actually it's not. Look."

"Hmm?"

tAdelheid jutted her chin, indicating a shadow peeking from behind the entrance of the building――or rather, the debris that used to be the entrance.
tStanding there was Forte, whom Subaru had risked her life to let escape during the fierce battle with Ains. Apparently, he had called Adelheid, who was outside.

"So everything was connected..."

"That kid is..."

tSighing, Subaru noticed pseudo-Luna next to her also spotted Forte.
tFearing the rekindling of the unresolved issues surrounding the insignia, Subaru stepped in between.

"Wait, wait! Look, thanks to Forte, Adelheid came, so hold off on getting angry and tearing him apart! Come on, for my sake!"

"I wouldn't do that! What do you take me for?! Besides, 'for your sake'..."

"Ah-, umm."

"In the first place, what are you, really? Helping me, yet being with the kids who stole the insignia... I don't really get it."

tPseudo-Luna looked troubled as to what kind of face to make.
tSeeing his face, Subaru was also at a loss as to what to say. Buying back the insignia, safely returning it to him――she had thought of that flow.
tBut she hadn't thought about anything beyond that――

"――Subaru!"

t――Subaru's thoughts were shattered by Adelheid's sharp call.

"――hk!!"

tScraps of building debris were thrown up, and a black shadow leaped out from underneath.
tKicking the ground straight ahead with wind-like speed was the slaughterer Ains, covered in countless wounds all over his body, yet still holding feral light in his eyes.

"You――!"

tAt the diving shadow, the out-of-form pseudo-Luna couldn't react.
tFor Adelheid, there wasn't enough time to leap in. The only one who could move here was Subaru.
tThe bent knife. A momentary encounter. The opponent was betting everything on one strike. Adelheid wouldn't make it in time. But if she survived one hit, Adelheid would manage somehow. She would do something. Pseudo-Luna didn't even have room to turn around. The target. Which one. Me, for the third time, I'll protect him.
tProtect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protect, protectttt!!

"The target is the belly, target is the belly, target is the bellyyyyy!!"

tInstantly stepping on the club Old Lady Rom used, she raised it, held it against her abdomen, and dived in.
tThe unleashed pitch-black malice drew an arc with terrifying momentum, cleaving and blowing away pseudo-Luna――the torso of Subaru who leaped in front of him, right over the club.

tHer vision spun round and round, swallowed by an impact like being hit by a car.
tCrashing straight into the wall, Subaru was buried under the collapsing pile of scrap wood.

"This girl is still getting in the way――"

"That's far enough, Ains!"

tAins bit his lip as his strike was blocked by Subaru.
tHowever, closer than launching a follow-up attack at pseudo-Luna was Adelheid's approach. Ains instantly threw his bent knife at her, checking her advance, and jumped upward.

tWithout even dodging, the thrown knife drew an unnatural trajectory and missed Adelheid. But time was bought for Ains to escape.
tStepping on the debris of the destroyed roof, with the moon at his back, Ains looked down below.
tAnd then――

"Eventually, I shall slice open the bellies of everyone present. Until then, take good care of your bowels."

tLeaving only that behind, Ains displayed astonishing endurance, his figure kicking off the roof and vanishing into the darkness of the slums.
tChasing him would be extremely difficult, and it was dangerous for Adelheid, who could fight, to leave.
tJudging so, Adelheid gave up pursuit, then turned back to pseudo-Luna, who was standing frozen, asking, "Are you unharmed?"
tHowever――

"You can worry about me later! More importantly, what reckless foolishness!"

tBrushing past Adelheid, pseudo-Luna hurriedly rushed to the pile of debris. Underneath was Subaru, who had been blown away by Ains's single strike.
tWhen pseudo-Luna frantically dug through the wreckage, the buried Subaru was excavated immediately.

"Are you okay?! Are you alive?! That was way too reckless!"

"Ah, ugh, I-I'm fine, fine... look, the guard made it in time, and that was a scene where I had to be reckless, right? My world is spinning a bit, though..."

"World spinning... Adelheid!"

"Presumably, she bumped her head. I'll arrange for a clinic immediately..."

"N-No, no, stop, stop! Don't make such a big deal out of it, I'm okay!"

tAt the two who were genuinely worried with changed expressions, Subaru sat up on the spot. Then, clumsily performing radio gymnastics movements in front of them, she proved her safety.
tThe two looked at Subaru's movements as if watching a rare beast, though.

"I don't really understand those movements... but you seem truly unharmed."

"Yes, thank goodness. ――Subaru, you saved us. I'm sorry even though I was here. If not for you, this person..."

"Stop that too! Wait, Adelheid! After working so hard up to here, if you say that, I have no place to stand as a woman!"

tAdelheid almost dropped a bomb along with her apology; shutting her up, Subaru turned to face the silver-haired young man once more.
tAt Subaru's gaze, the young man widened his eyes, then straightened his posture.

tHe was in a stance to listen to her.
tCome to think of it, how much hardship had there been just to talk to him properly like this again? Regarding that hardship, she had skipped some steps mid-way, though.
tEven if those around her didn't know, Subaru herself knew everything properly.

t――Slowly, Subaru pointed her right hand skyward, placed her left hand on her hip, and struck a pose.

"My name is Natsuki Subaru! I know there are tons of things you want to say and ask, but put those off and hear me out!"

"W-What is it?"

"I am the savior who just protected you from a lethal blade! Okay so far?!"

"Okay?"

"Meaning 'is it acceptable'. So, okay?!"

"O-Okay..."

tOverwhelmed by Subaru's momentum using her entire body to represent O and K, the young man nodded diffidently. At his attitude, Subaru nodded while pressing on.

"Savior angel me. And prince you saved by her. After all this, it wouldn't be strange if there was a fitting reward! Right?!"

"...Of course, I understand. Provided it's within my power, though."

"Naturally! My wish is just one, only one!"

tRaising just one finger and thrusting it forward, emphasizing it almost excessively.
tThinking she might turn him off, Subaru knew once she started she couldn't pull punches, so she smiled at the nervous young man and continued.
tThat was――

"Yes, my wish is――"

"Mm."

tFlashing her teeth, snapping her fingers, pressing the raised finger to her cheek to make a pose,

"――Tell me your name."

"――――"

tAt Subaru's words, the young man's eyes widened in utter shock.
tJust like that, a moment of silence fell between them, and the lips of Subaru, who was maintaining her posing face, began to tremble.

tDid she blow it? On the grand stage of her life, did she mess up?
tWould it have been better to stay buried in that wreckage, sleeping without being excavated?
tThat kind of desperate anxiety filled her mind――

"Haha."

tSubaru's thought process in that extreme state was cleared away by a gentle laugh.
tCovering his mouth with a hand, his white cheeks blushing red, the silver-haired young man shook his silver hair as he laughed.

tIt was not a resigned laugh, nor a fragile smile, nor a tragic one resolved for fate. Just purely laughing because it was fun. A smile of just that.
tAnd while smiling――

"――Emilio."

"Eh..."

tAt the word communicated following the laugh, Subaru let out a faint breath.
tStraightening his posture at Subaru's reaction, he pointed to his own face and smiled,

"My name is Emilio. Just Emilio. Thank you, Subaru."

"――――"

"――For saving me."

tSaying so, he held out his hand to Subaru.
tLooking down at that extended white hand, Subaru gasped. A slender, supple, warm-blooded boy's hand.

t――Thank you for saving me.

tThe one who wanted to say that wasn't just him. It was Subaru.
tSubaru was the one who had been saved by him first. So this was just repaying that debt.

tA total of three times, losing her life to blade incidents to reach this conclusion.

tGetting hurt that much, grieving that much, suffering pain and fear endlessly, overcoming life-threatening situations――and her reward was his name and a single smile.

tAh, truly――

"――Good grief, it's totally not worth it."

tWhile saying so, Subaru also smiled, firmly gripping the young man's――Emilio's hand back.


　　　ttttt△▼△▼△▼△


t――And if it had ended here, it would have ended as a nice story.

"Even so, Subaru, it's impressive you're unharmed."

tHaving waited for the exchange with Emilio to wrap up, Adelheid, who had witnessed their 'reunion', expressed her surprise at Subaru being unharmed. Even in her eyes, Ains's final strike had been something formidable.

tLiterally, a strike with all his might.
tEven Subaru couldn't have blocked it if she hadn't known Ains's target.

"If you hadn't blocked it with that club on the spot, you would have been cut in two by now."

"Most likely. Without this――"

tBAD END 4 'Cut in Two' couldn't have been avoided.
tNodding at Subaru, who said it nonchalantly, Adelheid casually picked up the fallen club――and in her hand, the club snapped in two.

"Ah."

tLeaving its handle in Adelheid's hand, the club ended its life.
tWitnessing that, Adelheid's blue eyes turned toward Subaru.
tSubaru also followed her gaze, and feeling a bad premonition, rolled up the hem of her tracksuit. There was Subaru's abdomen, which at least maintained its waistline through sit-ups.
tDiscolored from bruises, a disastrous sight from which one would want to avert their eyes――a change occurred there.

t――Suddenly, a red line was drawn horizontally.

"Ah, crap. I can predict what happens next too."

tRight after raising her head to say that, blood squirted out as if tracing that line.

"――W-Wait, Subaru?!"

tNearby, Emilio's distressed voice was heard.
tAh, just when she finally heard his real name, if worst came to worst, this might be the end again.

t――But even if that's the case, I think I'll come back here again.

tHer vision tilted greatly, and Subaru collapsed on the spot, unable to move.
tAdelheid turned pale, and Emilio, peering down nearby, had anxiety and distress etched into his handsome face.
tSeeing that, feeling deeply out of place and apologetic,

t――Ah, even when he's panicking, he's insanely handsome, Isekai fantasy.

tWith that horribly unreserved thought as her last, fierce pain and shock washed Subaru's consciousness away like surging waves, far, far away――


t――And so, a side aspect of life in another world, slightly mistaken for the original history, continues.


tttttttttttttttttttttt《The End?》


※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

This year as well, it was a branch of the main story... a branch? An April Fools' scenario branch.
While slightly altering core elements for this occasion, there are also a few somewhat important parts.
Even those have a possibility of being a lie. Because it's April Fools' Day.

Currently updating Arc 7 of the main story, but basically when Subaru's mental state stabilizes,
he won't head down routes where Subaru falls into darkness and goes wild.
Now, will there be other stories after Arc 7? What on earth will happen?
Note: Today's idea came to me today, and I wrote it today.
I would be happy if you would join in on the author's mischief again next year. Dewa.

<notes>
- In this April Fools IF chapter (『ゼロカラミマガウイセカイセイカツ』 / "Re: Life in a World Mistaken from Zero"), the genders and roles of the main cast are swapped/twisted:
  - Subaru: female high schooler (uses first-person "atashi", refers to herself as a maiden/girl).
  - Emilia: male half-elf ("Luna" / "Emilio", silver-haired prince/young man).
  - Puck: female cat spirit ("Tink").
  - Felt: male blond street kid ("Forte").
  - Old Man Rom: female giant ("Old Lady Rom" / "Rom-baa").
  - Elsa: male slaughterer ("Ains Granhiert", Bowel Hunter).
  - Reinhard: female knight ("Adelheid van Astrea", Sword Saint).
  - Ton, Chin, and Kan (alley thugs): female thug trio (referred to collectively as "アンポンタン" / "Dumb, Dumber, and Dumbest").
- ギザ十 (Giza-ju): A ten-yen coin minted between 1951–1958 with reeded edges; translated as "reeded ten".
- リンガ (Ringa): The standard Re:Zero term for apple; translated as "Appa" per wiki conventions.
</notes>