Arc 8 Chapter 13: "Each Their Own Wounds"

"—Rem's here too, huh."

Spoken from off to the side, Rem quietly lifted her face at the voice.
It was at the connecting section of the Coupled Dragon Carriages, where Rem stood with her back against the wall of the car, that the silver-haired girl who'd opened the door of the neighboring car spoke to her—Emilia.
Her beautiful features softened, the corners of her eyes gently lowered, and beside her she led a girl by the hand. That was Beatrice, who had rushed to the scene with Subaru in the midst of that chaos in the Imperial Capital.

It was a heartwarming sight, but as Rem looked at the two of them, her feelings were anything but simple.
Of course, part of it was that they were connected to Rem's own lost "memories," memories Rem herself didn't have access to—but that wasn't all of it.
Unlike Ram, whom she could sense with certainty was her sister, or the others who had introduced themselves as companions, these two were different. Special—as people deeply, intimately bound up with Subaru.

During the crisis surrounding the Imperial Capital, even in the retreat from it, and afterward when she'd gone to check on the still-unconscious Subaru, it was these two whose connection to him Rem had felt most strongly.
Why that mattered to her so much, even Rem herself didn't know—

"Emilia-san, and Beatrice-chan..."

"Is Rem worried too, about how the talk's going?"

"Worried... yes, I suppose. Worried might be the word."

Questioned by Beatrice, who'd called her name, Rem dipped her head slightly.
The reason Rem was standing here in this otherwise empty corridor was to keep watch over a room a short distance away—the one set aside as Natsuki Subaru's sickroom.
Now that the crowd of visitors had dispersed and things had settled down, Subaru and Abel were facing off inside that room.

Abel's face had been grim—since he usually wore that oni mask whenever Rem saw him, actually seeing his bare face was still a fresh experience for her. That said, as far as Rem knew, even with the mask off Abel always wore a scowl. It was just that today, his already severe expression had looked more strained than she'd ever seen it.

"Rem, you've been watching Subaru and Abel—er, Emperor Vincent—this whole time, right? How was it? Were they getting along?"

"I'm not used to that title, 'Emperor Vincent.' And no, I didn't get the impression they were getting along. Their thinking seems to align, but their temperaments don't, if that makes sense..."

"Ugh, so it really is like that..."

"Well, it was a foreseeable outcome, I suppose. Abel's way of thinking and Subaru's are like oil and water, perhaps. Betty prefers Subaru's soft-headed way of thinking, I suppose."

"Oh come on, Beatrice, you always spoil Subaru like that. You have to properly listen to Abel's side too... ah, Emperor Vincent's side, I mean!"

At Rem's answer Emilia's shoulders drooped, and then at Beatrice's follow-up assertion she pursed her lips.
Thinking to herself what an expressive, ever-changing face this person had, Rem watched as Emilia added an "ah" of further surprise and turned to look at her.

"Oh, and Rem. In Vollachia, I have to go by Emily, so..."

"...um, is there a particular reason for that?"

"Of course there is. Nobody here thinks I'm Emilia at all. Right, Beatrice?"

"Betty's soft on Emilia too, so keeping quiet might be the kindest thing to do, I suppose."

"Huh!? What does that mean!?"

At Beatrice's gentle dodge, hand still linked with hers, Emilia's eyes went wide.
Watching the two of them's endearing exchange, Rem felt her feelings get tossed about, but she quickly found herself warming to Emilia and the others.
To begin with, if what she'd heard was true, these women had come all the way to this country, risking great danger, just to search for Rem and Subaru. There was no way she could dislike them.

"Unlike that man, there's nothing about them that raises suspicion."

Subaru had been wrapped in a stench that provoked a fierce, instinctive wariness in her. Most of Rem's hostility toward him had stemmed from that, but Emilia and the others carried no trace of it at all.
So, just as with Rui, the "People of Shudrak," and Flop and the others, she had no reason to bite back.
That said—

"...it's also a little frightening how that man's smell has suddenly faded, though."

The fact that during their separation that overpowering stench on Subaru had vanished was itself something to be concerned about.
Since she had no idea what it actually was, and since having it was unquestionably worse than not having it, she supposed she should say things had improved.
Just as she was thinking that—

"Ohh? It's Rem-chan and Emily-chan and Beatrice-chan!"

From the car on the opposite side of where Rem and the others stood, the door opened, and the figure who appeared called out the three names loudly.
Waving energetically, striding heavily this way, was a tall woman—her long golden hair done up freely, her skin bared like a dancer's, and above all, someone whose limbs had properly grown to their adult length.
It was—

"—Medium-san."

"Yahoo! Don't tell me you're all worried about Abelchi and Subaruchi too?"

"Yes, that's right. Are you as well, Medium-chan?"

"Yep, that's right! See, I finally got my big body back, right? So I figured, unlike when I was little, now I could actually stop a grown-up fight, so I might be useful."

Puffing out her chest proudly as she said this—Medium. Rem hadn't seen much of her before, but like Subaru, she was one of those whose appearance had been changed from adult to child.
Little Medium had retained her own lively charm and had been very endearing, but since her appeal wasn't defined by the length of her limbs, Rem found the familiar version more settling to look at.
Medium too seemed to have found her time as a child quite frustrating, and was now savoring the joy of having her big body back with her whole heart.
In any case—

"Stop a fight... you mean between that man and Abel-san?"

"Yep, that's right~! It's been a while since the two of them properly talked, so isn't it likely to get rough?"

"I wonder... setting aside that man, I can't picture Abel-san getting rough."

Her impression of Abel was of someone who said cutting things with a stern face and a harsh voice.
But unlike Rem, who frowned at Medium's concern, Emilia and Beatrice seemed to lean more toward Medium's view.

"Betty agrees with Medium's opinion, I suppose. At the very least, Subaru surely has a mountain of things he wants to say to that emperor, so he's bound to bite, I suppose."

"That's right. Emily here's a little worried too. A fight isn't just about hitting each other—hurting each other with words counts as a fight too."

"...is that how it is?"

Certainly, since Abel didn't seem like the type to raise his hand, it probably wouldn't come to blows, but there was a real possibility that Subaru would get emotional and the argument would escalate.
Since Abel was rational, Rem had felt that it was usually Subaru who ended up being talked around more often than not, but right now Abel might not have much room to spare either. She hadn't been able to exchange many words with Abel since he'd reclaimed his position as emperor, but Medium and the others' concern made sense to her.
And that guess was immediately, precisely borne out.

"—Listen, okay? Anyway, we're sneaking off to Garfiel's place. He's the type who'll get why we had no choice."

"A scandal of a kingdom's knight raising his hand against the empire's emperor, is that it?"

"I'll have you know I've still got the last resort of blabbing to a court everything about what you were like, so don't you forget it...!"

Exchanging hushed words like that, the door to the room opened.
Two pairs of black eyes peeked out, trying to check whether anyone was in the corridor, and met the eyes of Rem and the others, who'd been waiting for the talk to conclude.

"Ah," Subaru's mouth fell open, and "Hm," Abel frowned.
But the reaction from Rem and the others at the sight of the two of them was far from calm. After all, both Subaru and Abel, poking their faces out, were covered in blood.

"No way..."
"They're having a way, way bigger fight than I thought!?"
"Th-this is bad! Beatrice! Quick, healing magic...!"
"See, I told you so, I suppose! Betty really should have been there after all, I suppose!!"

At the flurry of the women's fussing welcome, Subaru and Abel exchanged glances. Then Abel sighed, and Subaru raised both hands as if resigning himself to it.
And then—

"So, um, I'm definitely going to get yelled at, so I'll say this before that happens... we made up."

Wearing a pathetic, wry smile, he said it as though trying to make it sound like at least somewhat good news.


△▼△▼△▼△


—In the end, the two men's injuries amounted to little more than minor cuts, nothing dramatic.

"Even so, the inside of the room is a complete mess... there's no spare room to prepare another one, you know."

"No, no, I'm not saying anything high-and-mighty like 'prepare another room.' I'm properly reflecting on it, I swear... ah! Medium-san! You're back to normal!"

"Heh-heh, that's right, Subaruchi! But—no, no! Don't think you can get away with saying something nice like that, I'm still mad. Both of you, honestly..."

So saying, Medium put her hands on her hips and scolded Subaru for his clumsy attempt to change the subject.
Subaru drooped his shoulders in contrition, but it was Abel—who'd tangled with him—who received an even sterner scolding from Medium than the already-dejected Subaru.

"Abelchi, you can't go and do something so childish just because Subaruchi's little right now, okay?"

"...do you understand what you've done, wench? You struck the Emperor."

"Isn't it because you're so high and mighty that nobody ever scolds you that you turned out like this, Abelchi?"

"————"

Abel, arms crossed, wore a sour expression, while Medium glared at him with narrowed eyes. As could be gathered from the exchange just now, astonishingly, Medium had smacked Abel on the head.
Looking at the wrecked state of the room, it made sense to want to scold Abel, who had apparently tussled with the child-sized Subaru, but Rem found herself impressed that anyone had actually done something so outrageous.

"If it's fine for Medium-san, may I hit him too?"

"Don't jump on the bandwagon. I don't have time to deal with each individual act of disrespect right now. Don't add to the trouble of deciding whether to punish someone after the war, weighed against their achievements."

"That's a shame."

Of course, Rem hadn't expected to actually be given permission, but she felt it was a gain to have heard the word "after the war" from Abel's own mouth.
At the very least, Abel was looking ahead. She had no idea what had been discussed inside, but he seemed to have more light in his eyes and better color in his face than before they'd visited the room.

"—There, that should do it. But you'll need to change your clothes or everyone will worry, so make sure you get changed before we go see everyone."

"Honestly, what a handful you are, I suppose. You never let Betty feel at ease at all, I suppose."

"Sorry, sorry. But it's been a while, so it feels kind of nice. It's been all guys worrying about me lately, except for Tanza."

Emilia wiped the blood from Subaru's face and hands with the towel she was holding, and stroked his head.
Beatrice, who had apparently treated his wounds with a wave of her hand, shrugged her shoulders with a sigh, but somehow it seemed she felt not just relief but a touch of joy mixed in as well.

Both of them seemed pleased to be able to fuss over and take care of Subaru.
Watching that, Rem felt an odd, restless flutter in her chest too.

"Hey, hey, Abelchi, think you can hang in there?"

Off to the side of Rem's private thoughts, Medium tilted her head and asked Abel that.
At the question Abel narrowed his black eyes, and after a beat, nodded.

"There's no impediment. To begin with, it would be foolish to question whether I can exert myself. Since the moment I decided for myself to take the throne, I have had no right to go about things half-heartedly."

"—? You mean like, 'I'll do my best as emperor~'? That kind of thing?"

"...it's a rather deflating way of chewing it down to size, but broadly, yes."

"I see! Then I'm totally for it! Let's do our best together~!"

Medium's face brightened at once, and she held out a raised hand to Abel. Abel glared sidelong at that hand, then turned his face away.
At Abel's cold response, Medium brought her raised hand together with her other hand, clapping it with a snap, and then—

"Well then, shall we go see everyone? Big bro was wanting to talk to Abelchi too."

"There's no time to spare for talking with that one, but Serena Dracroy's dragon ship should be back around now. Either way, I want to speak with the key people."

"—Ah, please wait."

Prompted by Medium, Abel gave a nod of acknowledgment.
Once Abel, who liked to move things along briskly, got going, it was clear that an important discussion would follow to deal with the problems that had arisen in the Imperial Capital.
Naturally, Subaru and Emilia, as key figures, would presumably be present for that. But before that, there was something Rem needed to say.
Half the reason Rem had been standing here was her worry over whether the relationship between Subaru and Abel had soured; the other half was for exactly this.

"Abel, before I go see everyone, there's something I want to do... something I have to do. So let me go there first."

"Ah..."

Rem, about to interrupt and state her own purpose, was cut off as Subaru spoke up first, his gaze turning toward her.
That gaze made her understand that what he had to do was the same thing she'd been about to say. So Rem pressed her lips together and nodded.
And then—

"—Rem, take me to Katya-san's room."


△▼△▼△▼△


"Whaddaya want, brat. This ain't no place for the likes of you."

Visiting the room in question, Subaru's eyes went wide at being greeted by a coarse voice.
Standing beyond the open door was a man with an eyepatch, his face a match for the roughness of his welcoming tone—it took Subaru a moment to dig through his memory, but then it clicked.

"You're... Jamal, right?"

"Ah? How the hell d'you know my name? I sure as hell don't know you."

"You're alive..."

"That's a hell of a rude thing to say, ain't it, huh!?"

The man, whose name was Jamal, opened a mouth with surprisingly straight teeth and growled from his throat.
He was one of the Vollachian people Subaru had first encountered upon being flung into the Vollachian Empire—and the partner of that very Todd Fang.
As far as Subaru knew, in the walled city of Guaral, when Todd had let a captured tribune escape, Jamal had stayed behind as rearguard and been taken prisoner.
After that, given everything else that had happened to Subaru, his concern over Jamal's fate had honestly slipped his mind entirely.

"Why are you, of all people, in this room?"

"What's so strange about me being in my own little sister's room?"

"Sister... ah."

Hearing that answer, Subaru heard the click of a question resolving itself, and remembered.
Now that he thought of it, Todd had mentioned that his fiancée was Jamal's sister. Which meant the Jamal in front of him and that Katya were actual siblings.
That frail, delicate Katya, and this rough, violent Jamal—siblings.

"The hair color, and the way it curls... they're similar, huh?"

"Dunno what you're on about, but I get that you're sayin' something that pisses me off. Brat, if you don't wanna get hurt, get the hell—"

"—Brother! Stop it!"

Whether Subaru's attitude had gotten under his skin, Jamal rolled up his sleeve and made as if to forcibly throw him out. But before he could act on it, a high voice from behind Jamal stopped him.
Looking into the room past Jamal's side, Subaru saw a layout similar to the guest room he himself had been laid up in, with a woman lying in the bed at the far end.
It was—

"Katya-san."

"You... you finally woke up... geez, you sleep way too much. Really, really..."

Peering past her irritating brother's body at Subaru, Katya was seen pushing herself up in the bed. Jamal hurried over, saying "Hey, hey!"

"Don't push yourself! You never know when you might die, so behave and don't move!"

"I'm not that fragile! Don't compare me to a brother who doesn't die even when he's dead..."

"You weren't even dead in the first place, and it was you lot who up and killed me off on your own...!"

His concern brushed aside, and on top of that saddled with the disgrace of being counted among the dead, Jamal trembled slightly.
There was clearly a lot going on with this siblings' reunion, but digging into that wasn't Subaru's main business here. He had another reason for coming.

"—...are you all right?"

Noticing that Subaru, his gaze dropping slightly, had stalled at the threshold without stepping further into the room, it was Rem, standing beside him, who asked that.
Subaru had apologized to Emilia and the others, and to Abel, and had come to this room with Rem.
Rem, as Katya's friend, had the right to be present here—because Subaru wanted her to hear, too, what he was about to say.

"Yeah, I'm fine."

Nodding, Subaru stepped into the room.
On the bed, Katya and Jamal had still been exchanging some words, but when Subaru arrived with Rem in tow, Katya fell silent.
Just as she was, she lowered her blue eyes, framed by long lashes, and said—

"...are you all better now?"

Even if that was just a preamble before the main topic, her concern for Subaru's body was gentle of her.
Her tone was blunt and curt, but there was no doubting that her heart was beautiful—which was exactly why she'd grown close to even someone as unreliable as Rem.
To this woman, Subaru had something he had to tell her.

"Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks for worrying about me."

"...it's not like I was worried or anything. It's just, that girl looked anxious."

"————"

Glancing over, Subaru saw that the expression on Rem's face, standing beside him, was tense.
She more or less understood what was about to be discussed here, so she hadn't reacted to Katya's words with her usual overreaction.
Chastising himself for even hoping for that—recognizing it as his own weakness, wanting to put off the main topic—Subaru took a deep breath and let it out.
And then—

"I'm sorry. I couldn't bring Todd back."

So he reported it—the decisive, final break with Todd, back there in the Imperial Capital.

"————"

Clenching his small fists tight, Subaru delivered the cruel truth along with the pain of it.
At the end of the battle for the Imperial Capital, he'd worked with Todd to break through that ring of zombies surrounding them—but even so, in the end there had been nothing for it but to clash.
Todd, loathing and abhorring what Subaru stood for, had come at him meaning to finish him off; Subaru had resolved not to kill him, and had stood against him, and they had fought.
But in the end—

"He got swept away in the flood that poured into the city, and... I don't know anything beyond that."

"—ah"

"But he'd taken hits all over acting as a decoy while fighting the zombies. So..."

At Subaru's report, a hoarse breath escaped Katya. Layering his words over that breath, Subaru told Katya what he'd seen—though not exactly as he had actually seen it.

If he'd wanted to, Subaru could have given Katya hope.
In truth, the last Subaru had seen of Todd, he'd vanished, swallowed by that raging torrent. If no body had been found, he could have offered the hope that Todd might have survived.
But Subaru didn't do that.

"————"

The last Subaru had seen of Todd was him being swallowed by that torrent.
But that description was missing something precise. To be exact, the last Subaru had seen of Todd was in his werewolf form, taking a deep axe blow to the chest, before being swallowed by the flood.

—Gravely wounded, unconscious, swallowed by the torrent, and surviving that?

"—ku"

Hearing Subaru's account, the sound of Jamal grinding his teeth hard rang through the room.
To Jamal too, Todd had been a partner, and more than that, a future brother-in-law he'd decided to entrust his sister Katya to. Subaru's report wounded him too.

It was a deeply strange feeling, but Subaru himself, if he could, wanted to hope for Todd's survival.
Even having been so bitterly betrayed, even having had his own life targeted—even having actually been killed by the man's hand more than once in the worlds of his Return by Death—even so.

But he understood, from having clashed with Todd so many times, why that couldn't be.
Todd had no special power to speak of; he was, at bottom, an ordinary man. The fact that he was a werewolf wasn't an advantage significant enough to overturn a truly fatal, life-threatening situation.
In a situation where Subaru himself would have died, would have had no chance of surviving, Todd too would lose his life.

Todd Fang had died, swallowed by that flood.
That was the answer given by Subaru—the one who had been closest to him, the one who had witnessed the final burst of his life to the very end.

"————"

Silence fell over the room.
A silence that seemed to sear at his forehead and the back of his neck, little by little—one that Subaru had decided he would bear on his own, a pain of the heart he had to accept and endure.
And so, continuing to feel that sensation of his skin being scorched, after a while—

"...y-you didn't see the important part, though, right? So maybe he's not dead."

Haltingly, in a cracked voice, the words came out, and Subaru lifted his face.
Not just Subaru, but Rem and Jamal too, looked at Katya on the bed. Katya toyed with her tied-back hair with her fingers, her blue eyes wavering side to side, and—

"If, if, you know? If you'd seen Todd's head get crushed, or his body split in half, or burned to a crisp, something like that, then, then maybe I'd think, yeah, that's it, but... but you didn't see that, right? So..."

"Katya-san..."

"But see, that guy, he's, he's really, really stubborn about living. And besides, when we parted, he said it. That he'd come back soon... he'd definitely come to me... that guy, he doesn't lie! About my brother dying! He just misspoke, that's all!"

"Katya-san!"

Raising her voice, Katya began clawing at her own hair. Calling out to her sharply at the sight, Rem moved to the bedside and cradled Katya's head.
Pulling Katya's head into her own chest, Rem stroked her back.

"Slowly, let's breathe slowly. I'm right here beside you..."

"No, no it's not... he wouldn't, that easily... right? Right, Rem..."

"Katya-san..."

Great tears spilled from Katya's eyes in streaming drops, soaking the clothes of Rem, who held her. Rem paid it no mind, continuing to stroke the back of her sobbing friend.
At Katya's utterly honest reaction, Subaru felt his chest clawed at painfully.

He had known this would happen.
That telling her about Todd would hurt Katya like this. It was, truly, truly a difficult relationship, but Todd's feelings for Katya must have been genuine. And Katya, too, had truly been cherished by Todd. That was exactly why these tears fell.

So Subaru didn't say the even crueler truth.
Something even Rem herself wasn't aware of—it was Rem who had struck down Todd, transformed into a werewolf, with the axe.

To protect Subaru, Rem had delivered the finishing blow to Todd.
At that moment Todd had been in his werewolf form, and his Beastification hadn't broken even up to the very last moment he went under the water, so Rem didn't know that fact. Subaru had no intention of telling her either.

Subaru didn't think there was value in the truth for its own sake.
Todd had loved Katya, and Katya had loved him too. That was what had value. There was no reason to cling to the truth to the point of destroying that memory.

"Todd really did treasure you, Katya-san. Right up until the very, very end."

That alone was the unfalsified motive that Natsuki Subaru—who had been on the receiving end of Todd Fang's naked killing intent—could offer to Katya Aurélie.

"—ku"

Sobbing, Katya wrapped her arms around the back of Rem, who held her, and dug her nails in hard. Rem, though it must have been painful, took it without a word.
In the room echoing with muffled sobs, Rem glanced over at Subaru and shook her head.
In that gesture was both the intent of "please leave Katya to me," and gratitude toward Subaru, who had come here fully prepared for this to happen.


"—...sorry to make you play such an unpleasant role, brat."

Leaving Rem and Katya behind, once outside the room, Jamal said that to Subaru.
At Jamal's words—so unexpectedly decent—Subaru raised an eyebrow, and Jamal wrinkled his nose in displeasure, muttering "the hell."

"Telling a dead man's family is a rough job. No matter how bravely, how valiantly you say the guy died, there's people who're gonna wanna cry regardless."

"...what about you?"

"Ahn?"

"He was your partner too, and your sister's fiancé, and special to you, wasn't he?"

Twisting his cheek, Jamal fell into thought at Subaru's question.
After a while of silence, he touched the eyepatch covering his right eye with a finger, and said—

"Who knows. If the bastard had survived, I'd have laughed it off as both of us failing to die properly, but he skipped past that step. Well, if he died fighting, then I guess as an imperial soldier, he saw it through to the end. Even though he used to mock the hell out of that kind of thing."

"————"

As he spoke, at the very end Jamal gave a small snort and laughed.
Whether he was laughing at how unlike Todd such an end was, or laughing in accordance with some imperial custom that Subaru couldn't quite grasp, he didn't know.
Either way, Subaru didn't feel he could laugh off anyone's death.

"Still, though."

As Subaru thought that, Jamal suddenly went on.
Something in the tone of his voice made Subaru's eyes widen. What was contained in Jamal's continued words wasn't anger or loneliness, but something more like hope.
And that impression proved correct. Jamal said:

"I can't picture that bastard dying that easy. What Katya's saying holds up too. ...after all, nobody actually saw him die."

"That's—ow!"

"Shut it, brat. Whatever it is to me, that's Katya's hope we're talking about here."

Jamal's finger flicked Subaru's forehead just as he was about to object. Silencing him, Jamal jerked his chin at the door behind them and said that.
Whether the hope Jamal spoke of was a bright thing or a cruel one, Subaru couldn't tell. But he understood one thing—he had no right to comment on it.

The right to have any say in that feeling belonged only to those who'd been invited into, and allowed to take part in, Katya and Todd's life together. —Subaru had no such qualification.

"Damn it all, going on about how much he hates fighting and then turning out to be such a bloodthirsty bastard. Because of that, he walked a way more dangerous tightrope than I ever did."

Looking up at the ceiling of the corridor, that was how Jamal summed up Todd.
That Jamal hadn't shown his face, and that his voice had been trembling—Subaru had no right to point that out either.


△▼△▼△▼△


"Ye-e-es, Subaru-kun, you're looking quite lively, aren't you? You've gotten so much more youthful since I last saw you—is it thanks to the imperial cuisine, I wo-o-onder?"

"Wow. You're the only one who could look at me like this and crack a joke that tasteless."

"Oh my, everyone's awfully tense these days. And, for the record, here I go by Dudley. —From here on, please address me as such, would you?"

Closing his blue eye, leaving only the yellow one open in a wink directed at him, Subaru broke into a grin at his long-awaited reunion with him—with Roswaal.
That Roswaal remained unfazed even seeing Subaru's shrunken form was very like him, but Subaru, for his part, decided not to remark on the different style from Roswaal's usual jester's costume. Partly because it stung a little, and partly because the difference in tone from when he'd cautioned him about the name spared any need for further explanation.

Having finished reporting Todd's final moments to Katya, Subaru had come to the large passenger car set up in the middle of the Coupled Dragon Carriages.
The Coupled Dragon Carriages—something structurally close to a train or railway car by Subaru's frame of reference, but the kind of vehicle that could only exist thanks to the Vollachian Empire's abundance of flat land compared to other countries.
Originally it was the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica that had the numbers of Earth Dragons to spare, so he filed away in the back of his mind that, given the right terrain, something similar could probably be arranged there too.

"Apparently this Coupled Dragon Carriage is actually part of the Empire's classified technology, you know. Something about it having been devised by the 'Nine Divine Generals,' who were known for their wisdom..."

"Figured as much. Never seen anything like this back in the Kingdom. ...come to think of it, we've really been seeing a ton of the Empire's inner workings, haven't we."

"Ha ha ha, it would be terrible if peering too deeply into the Empire's dark corners ended up barring our return home. Perhaps it would be wiser to spend the rest of our time here with our eyes closed."

"Neither half of that is a laughing matter, you know..."

At Subaru's heartfelt murmur, Roswaal laughed in agreement, while Otto looked thoroughly weary at the exchange.
The passenger car in question was set up like a dining car, with a number of tables, designed to hold roughly twenty people. Though the purpose of having so many tables clearly wasn't dining, but rather meetings and war councils.

Indeed, quite a crowd had gathered, not just Subaru, Roswaal, and the others.
Naturally Emilia and Beatrice, who had headed to the car earlier, were there, and at their table Ram was present as well.
Ram, seeing Subaru arrive alone, turned a suspicious eye on him.

"Little Barusu, where's Rem? She should be with you."

"You absolutely do not need that title for me... Rem's with Katya-san right now. I don't think she'll be able to show her face at this meeting for a bit."

"—...I see."

Letting out a breath, Ram didn't press further on Subaru's answer.
Having finally been reunited with her sister Rem, Ram apparently wasn't sticking as closely to her as Subaru had expected. Since he had the impression the two of them used to be quite inseparable, Subaru rather wished the sisters would just hold hands the whole time, if it were up to him.

"Both Ram and Rem are their own individual people. Don't go pushing your own selfish feelings onto them, little Barusu. It's unseemly."

"Don't read my mind! It's not unseemly!"

"While Ram couldn't be by her side, it was the people around her who supported Rem. Ram has no intention of disrespecting those relationships. Don't be so presumptuous, underdeveloped Barusu."

"It's gonna be a real spectacle when you finally run out of nicknames for me, sis...!"

His cheek twitching at Ram's ever-shifting barbs, Subaru let out a long breath.
Ram's point was fair enough, and there was no need to rush things either. First, the sisters had been reunited; there was no need to hurry, they could take things slow.
No need to worry—there was a bond between Ram and Rem that no one else could intrude upon.
That much he could believe, from the atmosphere the two of them had given off when they'd come together to visit him.

"By the way, is this everyone? Where are Petra, Frederica, and Garfiel?"

"Petra-chan and Frederica are looking after the soldiers who are fighting. Garfiel's busy too, treating the wounded..."

"Fighting—present tense, you mean?"

"Mm, that's right. Subaru, I think you saw a lot of it in the Imperial Capital too..."

Answering about the whereabouts of the absent members, Emilia hesitated slightly before continuing.
What she'd been about to say—Subaru could guess it too.

"Zombies, huh..."

"W-what is that bizarre name supposed to mean?"

"Dead people who move around. Back where I'm from, we call them zombies. I figured it'd be better to have some kind of name for them, so I've just been calling them that for convenience."

"Isn't literally everything possible in Natsuki-san's hometown?"

At Otto's narrow-eyed look, Subaru's mouth twisted into a grimace.
In this case, he genuinely wasn't sure whether he should argue that this world—where zombies had actually appeared—was the strange one, or that his own world—which had produced so much fiction on the subject of zombies that didn't actually exist—was the strange one. It was a question on some dimension he couldn't quite pin down.

"I see, 'zombie'—not bad. At the very least, I'd rather avoid calling them Corpse Soldiers, if I can help it."

Interjecting into Subaru and Otto's exchange like that was Roswaal.
At the word he'd used, Subaru repeated, "Corpse Soldiers..."

"That sounds tied to some unpleasant memory, huh?"

"It is indeed. One of those memories I'd rather not recall."

"From what was said back in the Imperial Capital too, it seems safe to think that's the fruit of the 'Sacrament of the Immortal King,' I suppose. On record, the most recent use of it was in the Kingdom's civil war, I suppose."

"So that's the unpleasant memory."

At Subaru's glance, Roswaal dodged a clear answer with an ambiguous smile.
Roswaal was deeply versed in past history. Even if he hadn't personally taken part in that civil war, he might have had some unpleasant experience related to the "Sacrament of the Immortal King."

"Still, as far as Betty knows, that secret art is supposed to be a far more unstable thing, I suppose. Producing that many zombies, with that high a degree of fidelity, shouldn't be possible, I suppose."

"But they really were moving and talking, so there has to be some reason for it, right?"

"...Betty's racking her brain over it too, I suppose. Dudley, don't you go slacking off either, I suppose."

"Oh dear, being suspected of slacking off wounds me. I'm a party to this myself, after all—there's no reason for me to hold back here. Your lives are on the line too, you know."

"Just how much of that am I supposed to believe, I suppose..."

"Understood. Since your life is on the line too."

"What did you understand from that!? All that increased was your tomfoolery, I suppose!"

At Roswaal's answer, chin resting on his folded hands, Beatrice flushed and shouted.
Erupting with displeasure at being teased, Beatrice looked to Subaru, but even he couldn't quite grasp Roswaal's true intent. Still, since Beatrice was his partner, he settled for sticking his tongue out at Roswaal on her behalf.

"Um, I don't really understand the details, but is it fine to just go with the name 'zombie' that Subaru used?"

"Why not?"

"Otto being agreeable in such an Otto-like way..."

As the conversation among Subaru's group reached a lull like that—

"—Your Excellency, a report from Second General Kafma: he will remain temporarily in the Gairahal Tropics and carry out delaying actions against the pursuing forces as much as possible."

"From First General Olbart as well, that he'll conduct a delaying campaign with his Shinobi subordinates! Though apparently, since the enemy doesn't need to resupply on water or food, the countermeasures available to him are cut roughly in half!"

"Convey to both Kafma Irulux and Olbart Dunkelkenn to continue their operations as planned. Serena Dracroy, the dragon ship?"

"Still not back. I can only hope the extra time it's taking doesn't mean the fortress city has fallen."

"...if that one did what needed doing, then the fortress city can't possibly be without defenses."

Bustling in, tossing back and forth what sounded like important business, into the passenger car came Abel and the Vollachian people accompanying him—an old man, a big man, and a beautiful woman, three in total.
All of them were people whose names Subaru didn't know, but—

"The elderly gentleman is Chancellor Berstetz Fondalfon, the tall one is First General Goz Ralfon, and that woman is Upper Count Serena Dracroy."

"Appreciate it. ...Goz, right? I think I heard he got captured after letting Abel escape."

At Subaru's furrowed brow, Otto, guessing the reason, gave him the footnote. The name he'd just been given should be one of the "Nine Divine Generals" whose survival had been in doubt.
Since if he was alive he could be judged to be on Abel's side, seeing him here at Abel's side now was something Subaru could welcome without reservation.

"So you lot are all gathered too. Good timing—let's begin the war council."

"Oh, hey, are Flop and the others okay with that?"

"It was one thing when manpower was short back at the walled city, but what use would it be having a single traveling merchant join a war council under the current circumstances?"

"Yeah, that's true. Why AM I here, I wonder..."

Beside Subaru, who tilted his head, Otto tilted his own at Abel's remark.
But the reason Otto was puzzled was something none of them—including Subaru—in the Emilia Camp could understand. Of course Otto belonged here.
Even Ram just gave a scornful "Hah" through her nose.

"Taritta-san and Mizelda-san and the others are also standing by at the back of the car, so I guess that means they won't be joining this discussion, right?"

"Yes. That's what we've heard from the People of Shudrak. Their reply was quite reassuring—that when the time comes to put their strength to use, they'll cut loose to the fullest."

"To think a chance would come to stand shoulder to shoulder with the renowned, valiant 'People of Shudrak'! If only it weren't an occasion where the Empire's very survival hangs in the balance, my heart would be soaring even more! Confound it all!"

"You're being noisy. Keep your mouth shut."

Clenching a fist about the size of a child's head, Goz, worked up like that, was silenced by Abel. It was a heartless thing to say, but since no one else objected, it was probably just their usual back-and-forth.
In any case, Subaru now understood why Flop and the others, and the "People of Shudrak," weren't sitting in on this.

"Subaru, what about your friends from the Empire..."

"I told everyone in the battalion I'd represent them for the time being. There's some stuff I want to talk over with everyone first. Bea-ko especially."

"With Betty? ...that doesn't sound like a good omen at all, I suppose."

"Now, now, now."

The comrades of the Pleiades Battalion had likewise been asked, for the time being, to excuse themselves from sitting in on this.
After all, this was a scene with both Subaru and Abel present. One wrong step, and there was a real possibility that Weitz might attack Abel in an attempt to hand the throne over to Subaru.
The lie that Subaru was Abel—Vincent Vollachia's—illegitimate child, the "Black-Haired Crown Prince," was still ongoing. That, too, needed to be resolved somehow.

"I did think it might've been all right for Tanza to be here, at least..."

Since her color hadn't been good, he'd felt bad about dragging her out, so for the time being, Subaru alone would attend as the battalion's representative.
Just as it had been during his sickroom visits, he would definitely need to have a talk with Tanza later too.

"Also, I haven't seen Rui around..."

"That kid's with Medium and Flop. She seems to have taken quite a shine to them, but what are you planning to do about her, Barusu?"

"—...that's something we'll all need to talk about later too."

At Ram's pale pink eyes narrowing, Subaru had no choice but to answer like that.
Ram knew that Rui had been present at the Pleiades Watchtower right before Subaru and Rem had been flung into the Empire. Naturally, whether from Ram's own mouth or from Abel, Rui's true identity had likely already been shared with everyone.
Even so, the fact that she was riding along on this coupled dragon carriage—Subaru wanted to know just whose efforts and hard work had made that possible, and how.
On top of that, he needed to find the best possible resolution for what to do about Rui.

"Now that you've finally shaken off your lap behind, let us properly begin the war council, Natsuki Subaru."

"Don't you forget I'm still holding onto one massive scandal about you, huh? ...well, that's true, but that's not it."

Even though the memory of Abel bowing his head so meekly was still vivid, there was no change visible in his outward attitude. Subaru shot back a bit of a snide remark at that attitude, and then called for a pause.
There was still someone whose whereabouts hadn't been confirmed.
That was—

"—What about Priscilla? She should've been in Guaral, and wouldn't she have come to the Imperial Capital too? And according to Tanza, so would Yorna-san."

She should have been there, Subaru said, questioning as he watched Abel's face.
Through whatever circumstances, Priscilla and her delightful band of companions had made their way to the Vollachian Empire. Given that Al had even accompanied them all the way to the demon capital of Chaosflame, it was all but certain they'd also taken part in the fighting around the imperial capital of Lupugana.
As for Yorna, Subaru and the others had also caught word that she'd sided with the rebels. Tanza had sensed Yorna's presence in the Imperial Capital as well.
Naturally, that group too should be riding along on this Coupled Dragon Carriage somewhere.
Speaking of faces he hadn't seen, he hadn't spotted Cecilus either, but Cecilus's moodiness had been like that ever since before they left the Prison Island of Sword Slaves, so that worry was—

"—Hey?"

But at Subaru's question, Abel fell silent, closing one eye.
Suspicious of that reaction, Subaru frowned as he looked around and realized Abel wasn't the only one reacting that way.

For some reason, no one would say anything about Priscilla and the others' whereabouts.
If Priscilla and her group had heartlessly returned to the Kingdom before the battle for the Imperial Capital, that in itself should have provoked surprise from Emilia and the others at the mention of Priscilla's name.
There was none of that. And the answer to this unpleasant silence was—

"—Subaru, this is something we kept from you so as not to throw you into confusion, I suppose."

"Bea-ko?"

Beatrice, who had stood up at some point without his noticing, was gripping Subaru's hand tightly. At that preamble from Beatrice, Subaru's cheeks stiffened.
Then, noticing Subaru unconsciously gripping Beatrice's hand hard in return, Emilia turned her eyes to him and said—

"Listen calmly, okay, Subaru. Priscilla, and Yorna-san..."

A beat of silence passed.
A pause that felt agonizingly long to the impatient Subaru—Emilia continued, as if to release him from it.
It was—

"When everyone was escaping from the Imperial Capital, those two weren't found. —I want to believe they're safe, but..."


—It was proof of a real wound inflicted on their side, in the battle for the Imperial Capital.

<notes>
- "曖昧な笑みで明言を避けた" for Roswaal rendered as "dodged a clear answer with an ambiguous smile" — straightforward, no major ambiguity.
- Rendered ロズワール's speech-stretching per instructions (e.g. "ye-e-es," "wo-o-onder," "he-e-ere"/"ho-o-old") — approximated placement since the Japanese elongates different syllables than English naturally would.
- "冠絶対いらないだろ" (Subaru rejecting Ram's "小さいバルス" honorific/epithet) rendered loosely as "You absolutely do not need that title for me" — the pun on "冠" (crown/title) tied to Subaru's imperial-heir lie is likely intentional; flagging in case a closer wordplay rendering is wanted.
- "セリーナ・ドラクロイ上級伯" — rendered "Upper Count" for 上級伯 as a literal/best-guess translation since it wasn't in the provided terminology list; may need checking against wiki convention (e.g. "High Count" or similar).
- "殿に残った" (Jamal staying behind as rearguard) rendered as "stayed behind as rearguard" — confirmed against known plot context.
</notes>