Arc 8 Chapter 15: "Adulation"

With a lazy drawl, the beastman scratched his head and grinned, a golden pipe clenched between his teeth.
His body fur was longish and black, his face carrying a friendly, easygoing air. There was no hint of malice in his mild manner of speech, and his loose, relaxed posture made it impossible to feel any sense of wariness toward him.

That is, if one could forget the fact that this same man had gone completely unnoticed—his presence undetected by everyone in the room, powerhouses included—inside a private compartment of the ceaselessly running Coupled Dragon Carriages, where the Kingdom's and Empire's key figures were holding a conference.

"'Halibel,' you say...?"

So muttered a stern voice laced with a tremor of dread—Goz, who radiated the sharpest wariness toward the man's presence and had thrown himself in front of the liege he was sworn to protect, along with his ally, shielding them both.
Goz himself was one of the Nine Divine Generals, a warrior counted among the strongest generals in an empire overflowing with fighters. And yet even he had failed to notice the beastman's concealment until now.
But that fact alone wasn't the only reason for the hardness in his voice.

"—The Adulator, is it? What business does a linchpin of the City-States have here?"

Sheltered behind Goz, Abel peered past the man's massive frame to fix his gaze on the beastman—Halibel—as he posed the question.
The words tacked onto the front of that question were, presumably, the dog-man's alias. Something about it rang a faint bell, and amid the shock churning through him, Subaru groped blindly through the box of his memories.
Noticing Subaru's furrowed brow, Halibel turned toward him a pair of narrow eyes that looked like they were smiling.

"No need to rack your brains over it, it ain't such a grand name. I just get called that 'cause I'm a chatty flatterer when I'm drunk, that's all. And 'linchpin'—now that's giving me way too much credit."

"Too much credit..."

"Yup, yup. It's just that there's nobody in Kararagi stronger than me, is all."

Halibel answered as calmly as if he were remarking on the weather.
Subaru's eyes went wide at his words, and the instant his brain connected the word "Kararagi" to what he'd just heard, understanding sparked—he finally realized what had been nagging at him.
The Kararagi City-States' "Adulator"—what that alias meant was—

"The strongest Shinobi of the Kararagi City-States! Why have you boarded this dragon carriage?!"

In the next instant, Goz stamped forward with enough force to seem like he'd blow the carriage floor apart, and thrust his weapon—a mace—at Halibel where he stood.
Goz's weapon had a distinctive shape—a spiked, ball-shaped striking head fixed to the end of a long haft. It resembled the morning star Rem had favored, though in size and weight Goz's version was overwhelmingly the greater.

In any case, an Imperial warrior now had his weapon leveled at the City-States' strongest, who had suddenly appeared before them.
It seemed things might barrel straight ahead into an explosive confrontation.
And yet—

"It ain't really my place to say, seein' as I'm the one who startled you, but how about you cool off a bit and sit down for a chat?"

"Nn, guh...!"

Halibel called out, tilting his head lightly to one side past the mace leveled at him. At his words, Goz's face tensed, and his arm, straining with force, began to tremble.
Halibel had pressed his own golden pipe against the tip of Goz's golden mace. That alone was enough to render Goz's weapon utterly immovable.

"—"

Halibel, most likely, was using the pipe he'd pressed against the weapon to control the balance of force with exquisite precision, pinning Goz's mace so it could move neither up, down, left, nor right—let alone thrust forward.
No matter which way Goz tried to move his weapon, the pipe pushed back from the opposite side and stopped it cold. This was no matter of raw arm strength—it was the pinnacle of a technique that mastered the flow of force itself.

"You...!"

Goz's face reddened as he ground his teeth, the sound echoing loudly through the compartment. And yet the whole sequence of actions Halibel had performed was, by comparison, far too quiet.
By that point, Halibel's ranking among everyone present had already been settled.

"Stand down, Goz. Besides, if he'd meant us harm, all our heads would have fallen before he ever announced himself with applause."

"And since he didn't do that, you're not our enemy... right?"

Abel and Emilia both cut into the quiet standoff between Goz and Halibel.
Just as the two of them said, in truth, had Halibel been so inclined, everyone in the carriage could easily have been killed before they ever noticed his presence.
At that observation, Halibel let his wide mouth ease into a grin.

"Yup, yup, glad you get it. Setting aside Mister Emperor, the half-devil girlie's an honest, good kid. Same as me, hated by folks, and yet she grew up straight and true... must've had fine parents raisin' her."

"Thank you. I think I'm lucky too, to have been raised by Puck and mother and the others."

Halibel nodded at Emilia, who had pressed a hand to her chest as she thanked him, and drew his pipe back. His weapon freed, Goz nonetheless couldn't bring himself to recklessly swing at him.
Frustrated as he was, Goz kept his wary eyes fixed on Halibel.

"Should you go back on your earlier words, I will strike you down even at the cost of my own life. Remember that."

"Won't happen, won't happen. See, look, I'm sittin' here nice and well-behaved."

Waving both hands airily, Halibel used his tail to pull a nearby chair over and perched himself on it, hugging one knee to his chest.
He was about as tall as Goz, but curled up like that, his lean frame gave off a strong impression of a large dog. And "well-behaved" didn't seem to be meant ironically, either.

"Even so, who'd have thought Kararagi would intervene here of a-a-all things. Even if it isn't quite as bad as between the Kingdom and Empire, I've never heard the City-States and the Empire described as bosom friends either. Especially not, given the position you've publicly declared."

"Oh, so everyone here knows about me? Feels like I'm some kinda celebrity, how embarrassin'."

"Roswaal, that position he's publicly declared...?"

"Since you're as ignorant as you look, Barusu, Ram will enlighten you: the Adulator, Halibel, is a Wolf Human."

At Ram's explanation—Wolf Human—Subaru's heart and body trembled for an instant.
But that trembling wasn't directed at Halibel before him—it had another cause entirely. The fact itself that Ram had just revealed gave Subaru little to go on.
But setting aside Subaru's own understanding, the conversation carried on treating common knowledge as common knowledge.

"You must know how the Empire treats Wolf Humans. To cross the border and set foot here regardless—you seem quite the reckless sort."

"Well sure, 'course I know, and it don't feel great either. But the reason I don't hide bein' a Wolf Human, like you already know, is 'cause nobody can kill me. And from what I can see, looks like Cecilus ain't around either."

"—! You know about Ceci?"

"Hm? Oh, yeah, I know him. He came at me to kill me once, y'know. We tussled a bit and he went home sayin' somethin' like, 'Seems the decisive battle isn't today!'"

It had strayed from the topic of Wolf Humans, but Halibel answered Subaru's question without reservation.
An unexpected answer, an unexpected connection. Cecilus and Halibel had apparently tried to kill each other—and from the sound of it, it was Cecilus who'd picked the fight, which was, honestly, easy to believe.
On top of that—

"The Vollachia Empire, which shows so resolute a stance toward Wolf Humans, and here appears the Kararagi City-States' most renowned powerhouse. And in the very carriage where His Excellency Vincent himself sits, no less."

"And might I add, he's also privy to the contents of a critical conference between our nation and the Kingdom. Well, well—isn't this precisely the kind of situation that calls for setting the Blue Lightning loose, if that's what it takes to take his head?"

"...Serena, could you refrain from endangering everyone here with your bad taste?"

Riding on Berstetz's summary of the situation, Serena cheerfully added her own dangerous opinion. Its sheer extremity was enough to make even Roswaal drop his affectation and warn her, unguarded.
And so, once the initial shock and heat of Halibel's appearance had cooled somewhat, they inevitably circled back to the very first question.

"There won't be a third time. State your business, Adulator."

Even if the man before him overwhelmed everyone present in raw combat power, the word "flatter" did not exist in Abel's dictionary. Subaru held his breath, wondering how Halibel would react to a man who'd blacked out every word for deliberate deference from his vocabulary.
But contrary to the mounting tension, Halibel merely propped his chin on his hand against the table, still seated.

"No need to get so prickly, I already told ya my business at the start, didn't I? Just wanted to say hello, is all."

"And by 'hello,' you mean something like ripping our hearts out as a greeting, or...?"

"Scary! What a scary thing to imagine, kid. I wouldn't do somethin' like that."

"Then are you saying your goal really was just a simple greeting, showing your face?"

"That's right?"

Subaru, timidly, had tried to dig deeper into what a Shinobi's "greeting" entailed; Halibel protested that, then answered Beatrice's follow-up question just as breezily.
By this point, it really did seem like Halibel had no intention of resorting to violence.

"To begin with, this is someone who could kill us without going through all this roundabout trouble. Toying with us this much before taking our lives—that'd be tasteless even for him, wouldn't it?"

"I got called scary myself, but hearing that kind of opinion from someone else makes me flinch... but, if that's the case—"

"If that's the case? Is something wrong, Subaru?"

Subaru swallowed hard, a terrifying thought forming in his mind from Halibel's demeanor.
What Emilia had asked about—if Halibel really was exactly the kind of person he'd presented himself as—then—

"If Reinhard and this guy are both normal, then that means Ceci's utter mess of a personality is..."

"Enough, Natsuki Subaru. I requested your cooperation, but I never recall granting permission to go digging into my nation's scandals."

"Whether 'scandal' is quite the right word... I confess this humble servant can't say otherwise, in General Cecilus's case."

On the matter of Cecilus's character, not just Subaru and Abel but even Berstetz found themselves in agreement. Cecilus wasn't present to hear himself trashed so thoroughly, but Subaru was fairly certain the same things would have been said even if he had been.

In truth, for Subaru, who harbored the fantasy that the strong ought to behave in a manner befitting their strength, the conduct of men like Reinhard and Halibel was closer to the ideal.
On the other hand, he was equally convinced that things wouldn't have gone as well on the Sword Slave Isle if it hadn't been Cecilus there—so, as with anything, there were both good and bad sides to it.

"So? What was the actual point of this greeting, in the end? This carriage is heading north, sure, but the border with Kararagi is still a ways off... it's hardly close enough to draw your attention, is it?"

"Hmm, for that kinda thing, it'd be quicker to ask my employer than me. I went and clapped without thinkin' and made things complicated... ah, but looks like it's about time, anyway."

"About time for...?"

Halibel's eyes drooped a little, looking somewhat troubled, but then he noticed something and lifted his head—and, drawn along, Subaru followed his gaze.
That wolf-like face had turned toward the door connecting to the next car. Exactly one beat later, a knock came from the other side.

"—My apologies for interrupting the conference. There is something I must report."

So came the report, in a voice that sounded familiar, and when Abel quietly commanded, "Enter," the door opened to reveal a small-statured man with a fluffy head of hair.
The moment Subaru saw who it was, his eyes went wide.

"Zikr-san! Thank goodness, you're safe!"

"Yes, there's no need to worry. And I'm relieved to see you safe as well, Miss Natsumi."

"To think you'd still call me that, even looking like this..."

The man smiling at Subaru—who had been in drag both when they'd met and when they'd parted—was none other than Zikr Osman, the Empire's Second General, and at the sight of him alive and well, Subaru breathed a sigh of relief, hand pressed to his chest.
With that, Zikr's smile faded as he composed his expression.

"Your Excellency, there is something I must report... though, may I ask who that is?"

"Set that one aside for now. He is likely not unrelated to your report, in any case."

Abel gave a curt non-answer to Zikr, who'd taken note of Halibel sitting in the corner of the room. But Zikr, apparently well accustomed to the Emperor's clipped manner of speech, simply nodded with an "Understood," and said—

"Senior Count Dracroy's dragon ship has returned, bringing with it dignitaries from the fortress city of Garkla, and a guest from the City-States."

"—A guest from the City-States."

Abel murmured, flicking his dark eyes toward Halibel.
Since the Coupled Dragon Carriages' destination was the fortress city of Garkla, it was only natural for people connected to it to arrive by dragon. And if someone from Kararagi had accompanied them at just this moment, there was no way it could be unrelated to Halibel.
In other words—

"Halibel-san, did you come ahead of them?"

"I'm not so good with heights, y'see."

Saying something cute that half-answered the question and half didn't, Halibel confirmed that he was indeed connected to the information Zikr had brought.
That he hadn't ridden the dragon ship because he wasn't good with heights, Subaru could accept. That this somehow meant he'd arrived earlier than the dragon ship, though, felt harder to swallow—but there was no point arguing logic with a superhuman of this world. Cecilus, after all, ran faster than flying, so it was much the same thing.
In any case—

"Someone went out of their way to board my own dragon ship. Given that, may I hope that it's some considerable figure, bearing important news?"

"At the very least, that is what the lovely guest herself claims."

"From the way you phrase that, a woman, then."

Zikr's report was easy enough to follow—a woman from the Kararagi City-States.
Subaru could only tilt his head at that, but apparently the others close to him felt differently. The hand Beatrice had linked with his tightened, and she looked over at Emilia.

"Emilia, they're saying it's a guest from Kararagi, I suppose."

"Yes, that's right. Could it be...?"

"Eh? Eh? Wait, do you two have some idea who—"

Subaru was just about to ask if they had someone particular in mind.

"—Geez, here I went to all the trouble of flyin' clear out to the Empire, and you go and say somethin' so cold, Natsuki-kun."

"—"

A voice suddenly cut in, soft and refined, reaching them from behind Zikr.
It seemed the guest had been made to wait in the connecting section between the cars, and yet joining in on this conversation took some seriously sharp ears. Then again, that sharpness made sense.
After all, merchants were always straining their ears for any whiff of a profitable opportunity.

"Your Excellency, how would you like to proceed?"

Berstetz asked for Abel's judgment, given that the voice they'd just heard had clearly been listening in on their conversation. At the question, Abel's glance flicked toward Subaru, checking his expression.
Then Abel turned his gaze toward the door the voice had come from.

"It seems this is no mere boorish, tactless lout. Show your face."

"Well then, without further ado."

Granted the Emperor's permission, the voice's owner answered gently. Then Halibel, who had risen and moved to stand beside the door without anyone noticing, opened it with his own hand and ushered the newcomer in.
At Halibel's thoughtful gesture, the person who appeared smiled and said, "Much obliged"—and then—

"It's been a while since we last met face to face, but I'm glad to see you lookin' well."

"Ah..."

"Still, you and yours really do have a talent for stumblin' into trouble, Emilia-san. Looks like you're in need of our help again, hm?"

The one who delivered that merciless assessment in a soft tone and with a smile was a woman with her pale purple hair tied up, dressed in a kimono, a fox stole around her neck—Anastasia Hoshin.
At her side stood a young man in wasou attire, accompanying her as her retainer.

"Anastasia-san, and Julius?!"

Subaru was thunderstruck at the sight of the last two people he'd expected to meet here.
At Subaru's voice cracking in surprise, Anastasia laughed behind a hand raised to her mouth, while the young man whose name had been called—Julius—traced the fine scar beneath his left eye with a finger as he looked at Subaru.
And then—

"—I wanted to say I'm glad to see you unharmed, but why is it that you're always... like this?"

"Don't say it like I'm always causing trouble embarrassing enough to make me want to shrink into nothing!!"

And so, in place of joyful words of reunion, an explosion of indignant shouting erupted instead.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


Strength drained from his knees, and he pitched forward face-first into the desolate wasteland.
He hadn't even the will left to catch himself, so his face slammed mercilessly into the ground. A pain like his nose being crushed flat shot through him, and blood trickled from his split lip.
He licked the blood away with his tongue, and his parched mouth found the faintest trace of moisture.

"—"

Not a shred of strength remained anywhere in his body.
His will had given out first, and once it had, his physical strength followed quickly to the bottom. And now that both had run dry, he supposed he would simply rot away right here.

Everything—everything had been for nothing.
Everything he'd tried to do, everything he'd sworn he had to do, everything he'd kept doing out of sheer inertia simply because he'd already been doing it—all of it had been pointless.
In the end, he was nothing more than himself. Hell, it turned out, had been inside him all along.
And if that were so, there could be no escaping it. No one could escape. Not from the hell that was oneself.

"Dammit... all..."

The frustration leaked from his lips in a rasping, cracked voice.
Not even tears would well up anymore. He had neither the heat left for them, nor the right.
Everything about it was grotesque. It had all been somewhere beyond his reach. Reaching for something beyond his reach was the greatest mistake of his life—and yet he'd gone and done the very same thing all over again.

There was no reflection in him. Only regret.
There was no way he could ever like himself—he'd only ever hated himself—but now, at last, that hatred had curdled into something worse.
He couldn't even go on loving the thing he loved. Sooner—someone as broken as him should have—

"—Oho? Here I figured you for a corpse worth strippin' bare, but you're still breathin', are ya. Well now, ain't that somethin', ain't that somethin'."

A voice suddenly reached him from somewhere above his collapsed body.
His body had no strength left even to stir, but the owner of that voice reached out and flipped him over. At once, the dazzling blue of the sky flooded his vision, and a groan of "Ugh" slipped from him.
Tears that hadn't come from humiliation or remorse now welled up, seeping slowly out.

That, somehow, was maddeningly infuriating.
Was this body of his, through and through, incapable of doing anything except for its own sake?

"Now what's there for you to be so vexed about, ya fallen wayfarer? Every last inch o' your body, brother, only blinks 'cause it's alive to do it, y'know."

"Alive... as if that's..."

"Oho, so you're one o' them types who's gone and grown sick of livin'. Is that right, is that right... Far as I know, there's only the one way to fight off thinkin' that dim and gloomy."

"—"

He sensed the voice's owner grinning, and an upside-down face intruded into his sky-filled view. The face was hard to make out against the light, but he could tell the man was smirking.
It wasn't a mocking smile, though—and precisely because of that, it was a smile whose reason he couldn't fathom.
And yet—

"What... should I do?"

If he couldn't find the answer within himself, then he would ask after the thoughts of a man whose mind he couldn't understand.
At the very least, he thought he might hear a far more sensible answer than anything he could come up with himself, and he asked, cursing the part of him that still wanted to be saved.
At the question, the man's grin deepened, as though this were exactly what he'd been waiting to hear.

"Ain't it obvious. —You drink. Drink till you're drenched in it."

The instant the answer left his mouth, he was seized by the scruff of his collar and hauled forcibly along. Legs splayed out limp behind him, he was dragged onward as the man strode briskly across the wasteland.
Taking full advantage of the fact that his captive couldn't resist, the man hummed some tune to himself as he dragged him along.

"Name's Rowan. Some two-bit ronin, that's me. And you, brother?"

"—"

"C'mon, brother, you got a name at least, don'tcha? Ain't like tellin' me costs you anything."

He let out a long breath at the man's casual, overfamiliar manner—this man who'd called himself Rowan.
There was no obligation to answer, but no particular reason to refuse either, and with a thought of *whatever, let it be*, the man—

"...Heinkel."

So, without either of them realizing the other's true standing, Heinkel Astrea gave his name.
He did not know it yet—that coincidence and destiny are simply fate's favorite tricks of the trade.

<notes>
- Title/epithet 礼賛者 rendered as "the Adulator" — a translator's choice to capture "one who praises/flatters" (tied to 褒め上戸, "one who compliments people when drunk"); worth checking against any established wiki/fan rendering.
- 鎚矛 (Goz's weapon) rendered as "mace" throughout — a spiked ball on a long haft, explicitly likened to Rem's morning star but larger/heavier; "mace" was chosen for readability over a more literal "hammer-halberd."
- ワソー (wasou) kept as "wasou attire" — traditional Japanese-style male dress for Julius; not a catalogued term.
- Rowan's and Halibel's dialect/register (rustic archaic speech for Rowan, Kansai-ben-flavored casualness for Halibel) were adapted into distinct English colloquial voices rather than literally transliterated; some phrasing (e.g. "ござんす" endings) is an interpretive stylistic substitution.
- ベルステツ's self-humbling "私奴" rendered as "this humble/lowly servant" — an interpretive choice to preserve his deferential register.
</notes>