Arc 8 Chapter 31: "Stone Mass"

—Muspel, the "Stone Mass."

Counted among the Four Great Spirits, it was an ancient great spirit that had taken root in the earth of the Vollachia Empire.
Unlike the "Spirit Beast," the "Phantom Slasher," and the "Arbiter" belonging to other nations, it was a being that had left no trace in history of ever acting or asserting itself of its own will. Though known to reside somewhere in Vollachia, no further information or sightings of it had ever surfaced — perhaps the most spirit-like spirit of them all.
Such was the nature of Muspel, the "Stone Mass," said to simply exist there as a Sanctum unto itself.


"—Or so Beako cutely explained it to me, but that's not matching up with what I'm hearing now, is it?"

Beatrice had shared the tale of Muspel for Subaru's benefit, since his knowledge of the Four Great Spirits was thin. He'd listened to it with great interest — but its contents diverged sharply from the actual situation.
According to that story, Muspel was a great spirit whose whereabouts — and for that matter, whose very identity — were unknown. But—

"The fact that you're certain it's been taken by the enemy means the flip side is true — you knew where it was. Which means, conversely, Muspel was here in this fortified city. Am I wrong?"

So saying, Subaru leveled his index finger and his question straight at Abel's sullen face.
Abel narrowed his black eyes at Subaru's pointed accusation. But before he could open his mouth—

"Oi, watch how you talk to His Excellency the Emperor."

A sudden, rough-mannered voice cut in between Subaru and Abel, and a gust of wind blew past. An instant later, the white tip of the fingernail on Subaru's outstretched finger was abruptly shaved clean off.
With a whistling hiss, a white blade had cut through both wind and nail, and at the result Subaru couldn't help but yelp, "Whoa-aaagh!"
And then—

"You brat! Know your place — your place!"

"That's my line! Don't go cutting a kid's finger down to the quick with a sword out of nowhere!"

Cradling his hand from the sudden outrage, Subaru spat those words at the perpetrator of the violent act — Jamal.
For some reason, Jamal had been permitted by Abel to accompany him ever since they'd arrived in Garkla, and it was the white blade he'd drawn that had just clipped Subaru's fingernail down to the quick.
At an act so recklessly thoughtless, Subaru looked at him with the eyes of someone seeing the unbelievable.

"I thought you'd gotten a little better, but nope — I still hate you!"

"Ahn? Not like I'm dying to be liked by some brat either. ...Hm."

It had been naive of Subaru to think, back when he'd delivered news of Todd's death to Katya, that they'd managed something like a reasonable conversation.
Subaru protested Jamal's unchanged coarseness, and Jamal, unconcerned with the difference in their ages, moved to glare right back at him — but a raised hand stopped that childish standoff.
None other than Abel, seated at the round table, had given the order: "Enough."

"Do not stir up needless quarrels. Recognize that the value I see in you lies in being a relatively convenient piece to use. This is no time to be at odds with the Kingdom."

"At odds with the Kingdom— ah."

Subaru knit his brow at Abel's phrasing, then caught his meaning and turned around.
Sure enough, the Kingdom side, having just witnessed the exchange — Emilia, Beatrice, Spica, and the rest, unsurprisingly — had their accusing eyes fixed on Jamal.
If this glaring match continued, their joining the fray would soon be unavoidable.
Jamal, however, seemed not to grasp the gravity of the situation, scowling and reluctantly sheathing the blade of his outrage.

"If His Excellency the Emperor says so. ...Tch. Count yourself lucky, brat."

"The nerve to still say that in this situation is honestly impressive... I'm pretty sure we were on the verge of the alliance falling through and the Empire getting wiped out just now."

Subaru sighed at Jamal's utterly unrepentant attitude, even under the Emperor's stop order and the glares of Subaru's companions, then looked to Abel.
Abel had called Jamal an easy piece to handle, but Subaru could hardly agree.

"You're not gonna get carelessly assassinated at this point, are you?"

"In truth, if he took my head and surrendered it, he'd likely not be treated poorly. This one's bearing is entirely ordinary for a soldier of the Empire — a bit too reckless, perhaps, but nowhere near Cecilus's level."

"Bringing up Ceci as a point of comparison is just unfair...!"

Subaru bristled at Abel's unfunny joke paired with an example that allowed for no argument. Ignoring that, Abel waved a hand to send Jamal back, then turned to face Subaru again.
It was time to answer the finger and the question Subaru had leveled at him earlier — that is, to disclose information about the "Stone Mass" that their exchange had briefly strayed from.

"As for the question you got so worked up over a moment ago — yes. The 'Stone Mass' was in this fortified city. By means of a method to keep it in place, this city had been made into a Sanctum."

"...I suppose that's hard to believe."

Abel rapped his finger against the round table again, the hard sound punctuating his statement of fact. And it was Beatrice who, at his answer, let out an involuntary sound in her throat.
With her cute profile, she pressed her lips tightly together and said,

"It's an outrageous thing, I suppose. Of the Four Great Spirits, the 'Stone Mass' is said to be the hardest to communicate with of all — that's how Mother told it to me, I suppose."

"The hardest to communicate with, of the Four Great Spirits..."

"For reference, the one among the Four who listens the least properly is the 'Spirit Beast,' the one that's the least worth talking to at all is the 'Phantom Slasher.' And the one it's most useless to even try talking to is apparently the 'Arbiter,' I suppose."

"They're all hopeless cases! Puck, please come back!"

Subaru couldn't hide his utter astonishment at a lineup that only made him miss Puck more and more.
Something was off, too, about how "Stone Mass" and "Spirit Beast" sounded gentler by impression, compared to the dangerous-sounding likes of "Phantom Slasher" and "Arbiter."

"If the 'Stone Mass' can't even talk, then the 'Spirit Beast' still sounds like the better option, but..."

"Mother said the 'Spirit Beast' is a well-meaning ghost, I suppose."

"Hey now, I want to see every landmark this world has to offer, but there's not a single celebrity I actually want to meet... isn't that kind of impressive, in its own way?"

Having spent over a year in this world, Subaru occasionally caught the names of famous figures, but most of them came with such dangerous titles that he was getting sick of it.
Though the fact that he'd already met the positive sort of celebrities — Royal Selection candidates, the "Sword Saint," and the like — probably played a big part in that too.
In any case—

"This is the first I'm hearing of keeping the 'Stone Mass' in place, or the term 'Sanctum.' I imagine it's a phrase peculiar to Vollachia, but what does it actually mean?"

"Put simply, the 'Stone Mass' is a great spirit that governs the attribute of earth. Thus, the land it makes its bed naturally receives the protection of that nature. In addition to producing rich, fertile soil, it also has an effect on the recuperation of those who live on that land."

"...I see. That's a far weightier role than I'd expected."

Otto, who had raised the question, marveled at Abel's answer with a hand to his mouth.
In short, within the range of Muspel's influence, agriculture flourished and the sick and injured healed faster — apparently, it had all the benefits of a miracle hot spring.
And if one could freely control where Muspel was placed, then that would mean—

"Sure enough, that's a whole lot more worth hidin' than some lie about the fortified city bein' under reconstruction. I mean, one of the pillars holdin' up the Empire's high national strength turns out to be the 'Stone Mass' itself."

"And that is what was disclosed to us, people of a foreign nation. I take it as a sign of the resolve of His Excellency Emperor Vincent."

"Though when someone opens up their heart that much, it does make me a little wary, if anything... but I do agree that nobody wants infighting right now."

Anastasia and Julius, the two of them, took the attitude natural to representatives of a foreign power.
Of course, as Anastasia had added at the end, there was also the possibility that too much information disadvantageous to the Empire had been revealed.

"If it were really something he wanted to keep hidden, Abel could've dodged it in all sorts of other ways, right? The fact that he didn't means it's not that, I think."

"Just like Emilia-tan says. This guy's got a lousy personality and a knack for scheming besides. He could've fooled even Roswaal or Anastasia-san if he'd wanted to. Unlike him as it might look, this is Abel's version of doing his level best to be sincere."

"It's a surprise that the half-elf girl manages not to come across as rude, by comparison. You, on the other hand, are rarely evaluated this way in the present age."

Subaru had gone out of his way to back him up, and got a reply not worth the effort in return — he pouted his lips at that.
It was Flop, clapping his hands to draw attention, who put a period on that little scene between Subaru and the others. He nodded, saying, "Just as Danna-kun and the others say," and continued,

"Emperor-kun revealed the truth. That's proof enough that matters are urgent, and also that it was a topic he couldn't avoid if he wanted to explain the worst-case scenario."

"The worst-case scenario... am I to unde-e-erstand that's the end of the Empire's very land, as His Excellency the Emperor put it?"

"That's right!"

Nodding vigorously, Flop confirmed Roswaal's understanding.
The end of the Empire's land — that was the worst-case scenario of the "Great Disaster" set to strike the Vollachia Empire, achieved through the use of Muspel, the "Stone Mass."
And the reason Abel had brought along Flop — who should have been nothing more than a civilian — before that scenario was revealed to Subaru and the others, was—

"The one who entrusted me with passing along information about the Sanctum to Emperor-kun was Fake-Emperor-kun... but it seems his real intent wasn't to secure the cooperation of the great spirit, the 'Stone Mass,' but rather to warn that the enemy's plan might make use of it."

"I see. So Flop-san met Abel's impostor directly, huh."

"Yeah. I don't have an answer, or the standing to offer an opinion, on why he acted the way he did... but it's in my nature to want to see through whatever's entrusted to me."

Flop's face still looked pale from the blood he'd lost. His answer showed the same unwavering sense of duty as ever, and Subaru, feeling saved by it, thought inwardly of the fake Emperor.
The fake Emperor, who had driven Abel from the throne and lost his own life in exchange — his true intentions, same as when he'd clashed with Abel, could only be guessed at now; there would never be a chance to hear the answer from his own mouth.
Even so, entrusting his message to Flop of all people had surely been one of the fake Emperor's best possible moves.

"Um, so from what you've just said, am I right in thinking the Empire and Muspel had some kind of Contract relationship, I suppose?"

"If by Contract you mean the sort formed between a spirit and a practitioner, then no. The 'Stone Mass' possesses no such self-awareness. There is no proposing a Contract to it, favorable to us or otherwise equal."

"Only in Vollachia would you even bring up who has the advantage in a Contract with a spirit. Look at me and Beako — a pure, upstanding, heartwarming relationship, that's what we've got."
"It's exactly as he says, I suppose."

"All I see is a couple of children horsing around."

Subaru had taken Beatrice's hand and the two of them had done a light little step together, and that was Abel's assessment of it. Ignoring Subaru and Beatrice, who puffed their cheeks out in unison, Abel pressed on.

"There is no agreement between us and the 'Stone Mass.' But it has continued to remain within the Empire's territory. As such, ours was a relationship of use... but at the same time, it kept moving beneath the Empire's earth, and it put down roots."

"Roots?"

"Think of it the same as a tree's roots. Earth where a tree has spread thick, long branches is sturdy — but turn it around: what happens to that soil once the tree is uprooted?"

"...It'd be riddled with holes and turn brittle, crumblin' the moment you so much as poke it, I'd think."

Anastasia summed up Abel's question succinctly.
Vollachia's land, continually enriched by Muspel, had in exchange bound Muspel's own fate to that of the Empire itself.
And then—

"So you're saying that if Muspel dies, that's it for Vollachia — the end, in the most literal sense possible?! That's an insanely messed-up thing to hear!"

It was, so to speak, like revealing the existence of a bomb capable of blowing the entire Empire to pieces.
Not just for this occasion, but a state secret Vollachia would have to live with and keep hidden forever after. At that realization, Subaru's shock finally caught up to that of the informed.
However—

"Fool. Don't fly into a panic."

"How am I not supposed to panic?! Wait! Don't tell me — once all this is settled, you're planning to silence every one of us who knows the secret..."

"Now that's underestimating me. Were that my intention, I would never have let even the suspicion of it cross your minds. Scheming and shadow conflict are not the sole privilege of the Holy Kingdom."

"Maybe both the Empire, boasting about it like that, and the Holy Kingdom, famous for the same thing, should just go and fall already."

Because the matter at hand was so enormous, national-scale claims came flying out left and right — but between the Empire, needless to say, and the Holy Kingdom apparently being no better, Subaru, who thought he'd already been through plenty rough enough himself, was made to realize all over again just how much easier a country the Kingdom of Lugunica was to live in.

"Well, the moment I got to meet Emilia-tan and the others, this world became heaven no matter what hell it might otherwise be — but yeah, no doubt the Kingdom of Lugunica ranks highest."

"Sorry, I'm not really following what you're saying."

"It's fine, it's fine, just talking to myself. — Anyway, back to the real point of what we were just discussing."

Subaru smiled at Emilia, who had tilted her head, then turned the conversation's flow back toward Abel. Receiving that, Abel quietly closed one eye and folded his arms.

"No sane ruler would leave so transparent a weakness in place, handing his own heart over to another like that. Naturally, work to sever ourselves from the 'Stone Mass's' roots has been underway. Your worry is idle chatter from someone who doesn't grasp how difficult it would be to hunt the thing down and take its life in the first place — no different from challenging a Dragon with a writing brush."

"I see! Great, no worries then! — if that's how it worked out. But then it doesn't connect with what you said before about not having time. Maybe you really were making progress on the severance, but it hasn't been finished in time, and that's why we're in this situation now... isn't that the truth of it?"

"..."

"Don't just clam up because the odds turned against you!"

Abel's silence, struck as he was right where it hurt, was proof that Subaru's suspicion had hit the mark.
Someday, perhaps, Vollachia might be able to sever its fate from Muspel's shared destiny. But that day was not now, nor could it serve as any clue toward breaking through their present, pressing situation.

"Meaning that the fates of we, the people of the Empire, and the 'Stone Mass' remain tied together. If that horde of undead keeps pursuing us and we keep frantically driving them off, Muspel's mana will eventually run dry, and the ruin of our land will become unavoidable. And I've heard that soldiers who die fighting are quickly resurrected as well. In other words—"

"Neither defeating the enemy too thoroughly, nor producing casualties of our own, makes for a desira-a-able situation, does it now."

"So it would seem. A design as endlessly cruel as it is heart-pounding in its absurdity."

Not only were they forced into a reactive position, but even the terms of the defensive battle had been set with vicious intent.
Why Serena seemed to be enjoying herself was beyond understanding, but the enemy's persistent scheming — going well beyond a mere brute-force push of undead — hinted again and again at deliberate design meant to ensure the Empire's destruction—

"—But why is Sphinx doing all this, I wonder?"

"Huh?"

Subaru blinked at Emilia's words, a question that had suddenly occurred to her.
The dreadful enemy who had raised countless dead sleeping beneath the Empire's earth and devised a scheme for annihilation known as the "Great Disaster" — the identity and plan of the "Witch" Sphinx had by now become fairly concretely clear.
But the "Witch's" motive, the thing Emilia had come to wonder about, was—

"I mean, isn't it just because she wants to destroy the Empire... I get the feeling myself, kind of."

"Whatever your true feelings are, Natsuki-san, that's an insufficient answer to Emilia-sama's question. If the identity of the enemy ringleader — confirmed by the Margrave and Beatrice-chan — is the 'Witch' who once rampaged through the Kingdom of Lugunica, then her grudge ought to be aimed at the Kingdom."

"And yet the 'Witch' raised the dead in rebellion here in the Empire. Admittedly, that doesn't sit right. Still, there's a possibility the Empire simply happened to fit the necessary conditions."

"Conditions, you mean?"

Starting from the question Emilia had raised, Otto and Julius's gazes crossed.
To Otto, who sought the next step of the reasoning, Julius replied, a finger resting against his slender chin.

"An army of zombies, blending the 'Sacrament of the Immortal King' with restoration magic... to bring that about, the existence of one of the Four Great Spirits, possessing mana beyond all normal measure, was indispensable. And so the 'Witch' realized her formula here in the Empire—"

There, Julius paused a beat, sweeping his gaze across every face in the meeting room, and said,

"She may intend to destroy the Empire first, then invade the Kingdom next."

"Wha—!"

"—Don't screw around!!"

At the possibility Julius feared, Subaru fell speechless, and drowning that out came Goz's furious roar. Goz clenched his fists — each nearly the size of a child's head — as tightly as he could, grinding his teeth while holding onto just enough reason not to smash the round table.

"If your reasoning is correct! Then our Vollachia is being destroyed as some mere afterthought?!"

"More precisely, I'd say it's the first stage of a plan aimed at strikin' the real target. Mmm, though I'd guess the actual groundwork — findin' the 'Stone Mass,' settin' up the zombies — has been movin' along since way, wa-a-ay before that."

"Grr, nuuuh...!!"

Anastasia probably hadn't meant it this way, but her addition did nothing to soothe Goz's anger. If anything, Goz only groaned more bitterly in frustration, and Jamal, too, looked just as enraged — no one could accept being told the crisis threatening their own homeland was merely incidental.
Subaru, sympathizing with their feelings, nonetheless noticed the look on Beatrice's face beside him.

"Beako?"

"...I follow Julius's reasoning, I suppose. Only... Roswaal."

"Ah, I understand your concern well enough. — Whether that Sphinx even possesses so human an emotion as a desire for revenge against the Kingdom, in the first place. I can't shake the feeling that only half of Sir Julius's reasoning is correct."

"Only half of Julius's reasoning...?"

"The conditions happened to fit in the Empire. So she did it there. That's all there is to it."

Roswaal closed one eye, leaving only the yellow one open, and Subaru caught his breath at those words. Beside him, Beatrice's stern expression said nothing further, because she shared the very same opinion.

If Julius's reasoning were correct, then what was happening in the Empire would be no one else's business but the Kingdom's own, too.
But if Beatrice's and Roswaal's thinking were the right answer, that would be even more hopeless.
And then—

"Whichever it may be, the 'Witch' has already drawn her bow against the Empire. With the very life of a member of the imperial family having been defiled, there remains no option left but to destroy the enemy. Would you disagree?"

"That's a remarkably hot-blooded statement, Minister. So Lady Lamia's fate really did sit ill with you after all, hm?"

"—Yes. Is that somehow a problem?"

There may have been some mocking intent behind it, but if so, Serena's aim missed its mark.
Berstetz's face, with its narrow, emotion-hiding eyes, nonetheless carried a clearly perceptible fury toward the enemy, even as he kept his outward manner composed.
At Berstetz's words, Serena traced the sword scar on her own face.

"No? If anything, the Minister as he is now is far more my type of man."

"You say the most frightening things."

"Hahaha! Well, so long as you overlook the scar, I do think I've got the looks for it."

So Serena assessed the change that had come over Berstetz, laughing heartily.
Whatever passed between the two of them aside, the substance of the matter was exactly as Berstetz had put it. There was no option left but to settle things once and for all with Sphinx, who commanded the army of the undead.
No matter what her purpose might turn out to be.

"So, are you doing okay, Emilia-tan?"

"—Mm. No matter how hard I think about it, I guess it's just something I can't know right now. It'd be nice if I got the chance to hear it straight from Sphinx herself, though..."

"We only crossed paths for a moment, but she didn't seem like much of a talker."

"Betty agrees with Subaru on that, I suppose. I don't think dialogue with that thing would be easy, I suppose."

Sphinx, who had used a self-sacrificing "Die-and-Flee" tactic — spending her own life — to target the Coupled Dragon Carriages.
Much like that tactic of treating her own life as disposable, there had been no warmth at all to sense in their scant exchange of words. An opponent whose emotions never stirred wouldn't rise to provocation either. She was exactly the type of opponent Subaru found hardest to deal with.
Which made her a formidable enemy, even with Return by Death in his pocket—

"Even while we're sitting here talking, the enemy's steadily increasing the number of zombies, chipping away bit by bit at the reserves of that great spirit, Muspel. A war of attrition just works against us, plain and simple."

"That said, gatherin' up every last bit of the Empire's strength for another assault on the capital... that's no good either. A clash of great armies is exactly the kind of war of attrition that'd rack up the losses even worse."

"Bound by conditions where we can't afford casualties on either side... in other words, there's practically only one option left for a strategy to save the Empire from the 'Great Disaster' now bearing down on us."

Subaru, Anastasia, and then Otto carried the words forward, and every gaze naturally gathered on Abel, seated at the round table. Every citizen of the Empire was a stakeholder in this, and the man standing at the summit of those stakeholders accepted that attention as only natural, then said,

"—A small, elite force will strike into the capital and seize the ringleader, the 'Witch,' in person. In doing so, we will dismantle the path to the 'Great Disaster' that she has so meticulously laid."

—Thus, clearly and decisively, he declared the operation meant to halt the "Great Disaster," the final phase of the battle that had begun here in the Vollachia Empire.


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


The conclusion of the meeting around the round table had been reached, and things settled into a lull.
In accordance with the policy they'd settled on, what remained from here was to select personnel for the lightning strike and work out the strategy for the assault on the capital.
But before that discussion began in earnest—

"—I never imagined the 'Stone Mass' had been positioned in Garkla."

So opened Berstetz, in a meeting room now left with only the Emperor and the Minister remaining.
It was a moment when not just the allied Kingdom's people, but also figures on the Empire's side like Serena and Goz, had left the room. Jamal, too, had been kept waiting outside as a guard — a discussion truly among the Empire's leadership alone. Though by rights, there should have been one more person present.

"So in the end, you too were neatly played by Chisha's design, is that it?"

"So it seems. According to the schedule, the Sanctum should have been near Mezoreia, the Cloud Sea City to the southwest, at this time. I cannot say at what point he managed to slip past my watch."

"You've the look of a man whose eyes are always shut. It was likely easy enough to slip past."

"They appear shut, yet are not. That is precisely what gives them their preventive effect... though saying so after actually being outmaneuvered is nothing but sour grapes."

Slowly shaking his head, Berstetz muttered as if lamenting his own blunder. But Vincent did not see it as any failing on Berstetz's part.
It was, as had happened before, simply a case of Chisha outthinking both Vincent and Berstetz.
Not content with merely deceiving both Emperor and Minister, Chisha had also prepared a means of discerning just what the coming "Great Disaster" would actually do.

"If the 'Stone Mass' went unused, then all that was needed was to fortify our defenses with the fortified city as a base. If the 'Stone Mass' had been taken, then that would mean—"

"—It would be put to use in the scheme of the 'Great Disaster.' That great fool seems to have dreamed up any number of ways to destroy the Empire and run through them all in his head. Hence how he hit the mark."

"Countermeasures against those scheming a usurpation, that much I could account for — but an enemy whose very aim was destruction lay beyond my consideration. I shall be stricter going forward."

"...See that you do."

At Berstetz's mention of "going forward" — a look toward the future — Vincent was caught slightly off guard.
That was because he had considered it not impossible that, once this whole affair was settled, Berstetz might resign his post as Minister and try to follow Lamia in death.

"Lady Lamia forbade me from doing so."

Berstetz, noticing the questioning gap that had opened for that one instant, answered it himself.
Hearing that, Vincent said nothing. He only gave a small snort. Taking that reaction, Berstetz continued, "That said—"

"I was surprised Your Excellency spoke of the 'Stone Mass' and the Sanctum at all. As for severing the 'Stone Mass' from the land, it's hardly the case that any prospect has been established."

"Once this present matter is settled, I will resume the national policy that had been suspended. If no results are produced by the time the non-aggression pact with the Kingdom expires in two years, then there will be no tomorrow, however well we survive today."

"Just so. By the way—"

There, Berstetz paused a beat and opened his thread-thin eyes ever so slightly.

"I trust Your Excellency understands: the method for keeping the 'Stone Mass' in place must not be disclosed. It is not merely that it is a state secret — there is also our allies' opinion of us to consider."

"Natsuki Subaru and the half-elf Spiritual Arts User are the fastidious sort, after all. — Should they learn we make condemned criminals the 'Stone Mass's' Contractors and use them up until death, there would surely be trouble."

"Your Excellency."

Vincent shrugged at Berstetz's warning not to speak of it so carelessly.
During the meeting, when Emilia had asked whether the Empire and the "Stone Mass" had a Contract relationship, Vincent had answered that no such relationship existed in the sense she understood it.
That had not been a lie — merely the truth, stated in a way that glossed over the rest.

To keep the "Stone Mass" in one place, a Contract formed between spirit and human was the quickest method available.
However, the "Stone Mass" had no self-awareness, and there was no room for negotiation, no channel through which to bargain, when it came to a Contract. Consequently, the price for contracting with the "Stone Mass" was uniform: an immense burden of emptiness that flowed into the contractor.
The sensation of sharing one's body around the clock with an incommunicable, unfathomably vast being would easily shatter a human mind, driving it into a state past recognition.

In exchange for the contractor's inevitable descent into a vegetative state, the "Stone Mass" possessed the trait of remaining wherever the contractor currently was.
Hence, in the Empire, condemned criminals forcibly made to Contract with the "Stone Mass" were kept stationed in whatever land required a Sanctum, distributing the Sanctum's blessings out to various regions. Since finding the "Stone Mass" again would be an extraordinarily difficult task once its location was lost, replenishing the supply of condemned criminals was one of the highest priorities.

And before the decisive battle for the capital had begun, Chisha, disguised as the Emperor, had moved the "Stone Mass" to the fortified city of Garkla, preparing it for the "Great Disaster."
But the condemned criminal contracted to that "Stone Mass" was nowhere to be found in the city.

"If it has been moved, finding it again without a single clue would be impossible. In that case, all that speaking of the details in full would earn us is our allies' distrust."

"Even without spelling it out, there were surely some among them who caught on regardless."

Recalling the faces at the meeting and picturing a handful of likely candidates, Vincent closed one eye.
As Berstetz said, discord arising within their own ranks was something to be avoided in this situation. That was surely the very same calculation behind those who had caught on and said nothing.
In any case, from the moment it was taken from the fortified city, the "Stone Mass" had ceased to be a usable piece and become, instead, a ticking doom whose whereabouts were now unknown.

If there was no solution beyond seizing the person of the "Witch" called Sphinx, then dwelling further on its existence held little meaning—

"..."

"Your Excellency?"

Suddenly wary of Vincent's silence, Berstetz called out to the Emperor.
At that call, Vincent shook his head. "No, it's nothing."

For a moment, a certain thought had crossed his mind, but it was a line of possibility too thin to factor into any plan going forward.
More than that, it involved the one being in the Empire hardest of all to keep on a leash, and the thing next hardest to handle after that—

"—If there's anyone with a chance of tracking down the 'Stone Mass,' it would be a hound with a nose for prey beyond all reason. But that's asking for too much, I'd wager."


　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△


—At that same hour, somewhere in the imperial capital of Lupugana.

In the darkness, sprawled flat against the hard, damp earth, it lay unable to move.
Its wounds were severe. The toll of exhaustion, both mind and body, was heavy too. But the greatest reason it could not move lay higher than the heart, in the most precious part of itself — a wound to its very Soul.

The thing it had believed in and prayed to, on and on without end, had been denied, cast down to the earth.
From the day it was born until today, there had been nothing it treasured more — and yet it had been rejected by that very thing it treasured most of all.

It had lost sight of the meaning of living, the reason for it.
It had let go of its own worth, its reason for existing, everything it was capable of doing.

Simply, only, still lying on the damp ground, it let its breathing chest rise and fall, and murmured.

"Hime-sama..."

In a thin, frail voice, clinging, pleading, it murmured toward the very one who had denied its meaning.
Weak and feeble, it could do nothing but go on murmuring.

<notes>
- 石塊, 霊獣, 通り魔, 調停者 (the four "great spirit" epithets) are not in the provided glossary; rendered as "Stone Mass," "Spirit Beast," "Phantom Slasher," and "Arbiter" respectively, by best-guess Hepburn/literal convention. Please check against wiki naming if these appear elsewhere.
- 死に逃げ rendered as "Die-and-Flee" — a coined term for Sphinx's self-sacrificial tactic; not previously catalogued.
- Flop's habitual "-kun" tic: 旦那くん → "Danna-kun"; 皇帝閣下くん / 偽皇帝くん → "Emperor-kun" / "Fake-Emperor-kun" (folding 閣下 into the surrounding phrase rather than double-suffixing, to keep the tic legible).
- 宰相 (Berstetz's title) rendered as "Minister" per common convention; flagging in case wiki specifies a different official title.
</notes>