Re:Zero EX: "Iris and the King of Thorns (Part 2)"


—An old tale tells.

It is the story of a lone King and a single girl.
A story of how a King who was alone met a girl and was alone no longer.

It tells of the lone King's struggle and the beginning of the struggle for the throne that would determine his success.
It tells of the girl's resolve, firmly deciding the state of her own heart, wishing only to remain by that King's side.

However, the wishes and feelings held by the lone King and the single girl began to cloud over a ceaseless flow of blood, the leaking of lives, and the accumulated ends of many.

The story begins to transform.
It starts with a tragedy that struck a single girl, alongside the battle of a lone King.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—In the blink of an eye, the "Selection Ceremony" had begun.

That was Iris's frank impression, and it was also the reason why she felt a strong sense of self-reproach, believing she was utterly inadequate.
She had prepared herself. But she was forced to realize that it had been nothing more than a pretense.

To be honest, Iris had thought the "Selection Ceremony" was still far off—that Eugard's full-scale battle to become Emperor was a story years in the future.
However, it seemed Iris was the only one with such a leisurely outlook.

"The previous Emperor, Radokain Volakia, has passed away, and the 'Selection Ceremony' begins. —I, as the nineteenth prince, desire to ascend the Imperial Throne. I expect much from your valiant efforts."

Eugard's declaration, directed at the entire Elkanthi territory, was delivered across the land through the effect of a magic tool Whitaker had pulled from somewhere.
Unintentionally, that declaration served as the trigger for the "Selection Ceremony" to begin in earnest. —No, perhaps Iris was the only one who thought of it as unintentional.

In truth, the strategies and policies of the Elkanthi camp, led by Eugard, were not shared in detail with Iris.
It wasn't that Iris, who knew nothing of military affairs, was being looked down upon as a mere country village girl—,

"……I'm so pathetic."

Languidly, Iris laid her heavy body on the bed and cursed herself.
Iris's body, cursed by her own self, was burning with a high fever, which had kept her confined to her sickbed since around the time the "Selection Ceremony" began.

Currently, Eugard was leading his territory's army on an expedition to fight the other princes.
Originally, Iris was scheduled to accompany him on that expedition to take care of his personal needs. However, contrary to her enthusiasm, her feverish body would not obey her, and in the end, Iris was left behind at the mansion, forced to chew on her frustration.
And as if being useless wasn't galling enough,

"I've even kept Sensei held back at the mansion like this……"

"Good grief, a sick person shouldn't worry about such things-moi. Besides, I wasn't going to be of much use on the battlefield anyway-moi. It won't affect our military strength-moi."

"But Sensei, you were planning to play a big part with those short claws and that big nose, weren't you?"

"At most, I'm only useful for digging holes and scouting-moi! You should know that-moi!"

Wiggling his large nose vigorously, Lynecke raised his voice as he nursed Iris. At Lynecke's attitude, Iris pulled up her blanket and whispered, "I'm sorry."
At Iris's weak voice, Lynecke shook his head, saying, "You're in bad shape-moi."

As one could see, because Iris had developed a fever, even Lynecke was stuck at the mansion.
Lynecke said it wouldn't affect the overall situation, but she had heard that the penal squad led by Volcas was the mainstay of the Elkanthi army. Considering that Lynecke, a member of that squad, surely had an irreplaceable role, Iris's presence was a bundle of acts beneficial to the enemy.

"You're overthinking it-moi. Don't worry, there are plenty of people to take my place-moi."

"You say there are others, but……"

"It's just playing at being a healer on the battlefield-moi. Even if I'm not there, as long as my teachings and knowledge live on, the members of the squad should be able to handle it-moi."

As he spoke, Lynecke sat by Iris's bedside, putting several herbs into a mortar and grinding them to prepare a medicinal broth for her.
His practiced movements looked more professional than the real healer who had treated Iris when she suffered from a major illness long ago. So professional, in fact, that she couldn't believe there were many who could replace him.

"Now, drink it all down-moi. I'll warn you, the taste is atrocious-moi."

"Oh, to say that medicine Sensei made for me is bad…… *Gueh!*"

"That's why I told you-moi."

The shocking taste, which made her hallucinate that she had been poisoned, caused her to scream involuntarily. However, just as there is a superstition that bad-tasting things neutralize the bad things inside the body, once she managed to endure and drink it all, she felt as if it were working.

"It's just your imagination-moi. It'll get painful again soon-moi."

"Sensei, please be gentler……"

"I can't give you optimistic observations-moi. However, beyond this bitterness and suffering, there should be a recovery-moi. In all things, take it one step at a time, steadily-moi."

"In all things, steadily……"

While washing down the bitterness remaining in her mouth with water, Iris lowered her eyes.
What she thought of at those words was not her own physical condition, but Eugard.

"I wonder how His Excellency and the others are doing right now."

"Reports from the front lines are coming in properly-moi. It seems Volcas is working very hard and being quite active-moi. It's for Iris-dono's sake-moi."

"……Debts and favors, he's so fastidious despite that attitude of his."

At Lynecke's words, Iris remembered Volcas, who had shown his face before departure.
He had mocked and ridiculed Iris for collapsing with a fever without mercy, yet he had promised that the results would be the same even without her before he left. She didn't doubt that his blunt attitude was his way of showing concern for her.
In fact, he was quite impressive for actually carrying out what he said.

"Rather, because he's doing exactly what he said he would, he's more admirable than me……"

"Iris-dono!? Are you crying-moi!?"

"I-I'm sorry. I just started crying because of my unwavering patheticness. Please continue."

Wiping away the tears that welled up with her sleeve, Iris urged Lynecke to go on. Lynecke, while concerned about Iris's state, cleared his throat with an "Ahem," and said,

"His Excellency and the others are smoothly carrying out the marching plan-moi. Originally, the princes with the right to imperial succession split into two factions during the 'Selection Ceremony'-moi. Princes who fight for the throne, and princes who admit defeat in exchange for the safety of their territories-moi."

"……Even if they admit defeat, it's no good, is it? That……"

"—The prince's life is forfeit-moi. In exchange, they can make promises so that no unnecessary sacrifices are forced upon the people, and no needless pressure is put on their birth house-moi. Inevitably, families whose princes reached the start of the 'Selection Ceremony' while still young have no choice-moi."

"————"

"It seems they are proceeding as per prior agreements with the latter princes, while engaging in clashes with the former and continuing to emerge victorious-moi."

Iris couldn't purely rejoice at the reports of Eugard's victories.
Eugard winning meant that one of his brothers or sisters, who shared the same blood, was losing their life, and that he was treading a blood-stained path step by step.

It wasn't that she loathed him wearing a blood-stained crown.
Iris had already accepted that Eugard had decided to walk the path of hegemony because of her, and she had resolved to properly face that fact.
The reason she couldn't purely rejoice was that she was letting Eugard walk alone.

As the one who started the "King of Thorns," and the woman who made him start, she had intended to be covered in blood alongside him.
And yet—,

"……If you're feeling depressed, I'll arrange an opportunity for you to speak with His Excellency after all-moi. Fighting illness requires willpower too-moi."

"Sensei, how many times do you think I've drifted in high fevers before? Even if you don't tell me, I know how to fight sickness."

"That's not funny-moi."

She stuck out her tongue slightly, trying to make light of it, but it fell flat with Lynecke. Her acting was probably so poor that she couldn't even manage a proper expression, which made her hate herself even more.
That said, Iris had been refusing Lynecke's suggestion—to borrow the "Conversation Mirror" used to communicate with the front lines and speak with Eugard, who was in a distant land.
The reason for that was very simple and selfish.

"I don't want to become someone who talks to His Excellency through a mirror too……"

As the "King of Thorns," he was kept away from everyone—no, Eugard had chosen to distance himself so as not to hurt those around him. With Whitaker's help, he had become able to speak with people through the "Conversation Mirror," but Iris couldn't welcome it wholeheartedly.

It wasn't jealousy that other people could also talk to Eugard.
She wouldn't say those feelings were zero, but the reason Iris disliked the mirror was that it seemed like a symbol that more clearly isolated Eugard.
It was convenient. Even so, if interacting with Eugard that way became the norm from now on, no one would ever try to stand before him while enduring the pain.

"At least, I want to……"

She knew she shouldn't say such things from a position of not knowing the pain of Eugard's binding thorns, but Iris alone wanted to remain a human who could interact with Eugard directly.
For that reason, Iris had been refusing to speak with Eugard through the "Conversation Mirror."

"……It's a matter of Iris-dono's and His Excellency's feelings-moi. I can't say anything high and mighty-moi."

"I'm sorry, Sensei. But His Excellency felt the same way."

Before his departure, Eugard, who had come to say goodbye to Iris in her bed, had also said that he didn't want to communicate through the "Conversation Mirror" from his end.
Iris had been happy that they shared the same reason and the same feelings.
That was why she wanted to recover from her illness even a day sooner and go to Eugard's side on the battlefield—,

"Hm, who is it-moi?"

Suddenly, there was a knock on the bedroom door, and Lynecke stood up, his nose twitching.
Lynecke's figure disappeared from Iris's view as she lay there, heading toward the entrance. But immediately, she heard Lynecke's surprised voice saying, "Moi!?"

"Hello, hello. Sorry to intrude while you're suffering, Iris-sama."

"Eh…… Whitaker-san?"

Appearing with a cheerful voice and a smile while making the sound of footsteps on the carpet was a slender man.
Seeing the actual Whitaker Goldario—the red-haired man with eyes as thin as threads whom she had seen many times next to Eugard through the mirror—Iris blinked her eyes, forgetting even her fever.

"Why are you here……"

"Why, you ask? To visit you, of course, to visit you. When the favorite lady of Lord Eugard, whom I serve, is confined to her sickbed, and I have negotiations in this region, there's no reason not to stop by."

"Calling it an 'aside' to negotiations is quite blunt-moi."

"Oh, my apologies. I simply have a nature that's far too honest. Hahahaha."

Taking off the hat he wore, Whitaker smiled at Iris in her sickbed.
Whitaker's manner of responding as if he were used to it, even to Lynecke's rare sarcastic phrasing, made Iris's surprise slow to settle.
Even so, Iris managed to push herself up in bed,

"I'm sorry for making you come all this way. And even though it's the first time we've properly met, to greet you like this……"

"Ah, please don't push yourself. I came to visit you, so I'm well aware you're not at your best, Iris-sama. In fact, that's more convenient for the souvenir."

"Souvenir?"

Whitaker, who had said something startling, nodded "Yes" to Iris's question and thrust the bag he was holding toward Lynecke.
Lynecke was surprised to be forcibly handed the bag, but his surprise was even more pronounced immediately after.

"Moi!? W-Where did you get such precious herbs…… and a whole bag full-moi!?"

"Collecting such things far and wide is my family's specialty. From here on, Lynecke-dono is more suited for the task than I am."

"T-The responsibility is heavy-moi……"

"Well, of course. —It's nursing His Excellency's favorite lady. Surely you didn't misunderstand it as a relaxed rear-guard duty."

Lynecke, stunned by the contents of the bag, fell silent at Whitaker's subsequent words.
At those harsh words, Iris called out to him, "Whitaker-san," and said,

"Sensei has been doing very well for me. Please don't say it like that."

"Oops, my apologies. Lynecke-dono, my apologies if I offended you."

"No, it's fine-moi. What you say is also logical……"

"While I'm at it being disliked, there's something I want to talk about with only Iris-sama. Could you let us be alone for a moment?"

"Moi……!?"

A rapid-fire change of topic before an apology could be made or forgiveness obtained.
Lynecke was tossed about by Whitaker's rhetoric, and Iris furrowed her brows at the content. Whitaker wanted to talk to her. And alone at that.

"Of course, it's regarding something related to His Excellency."

"—. Sensei, please."

At Whitaker's words, which seemed to see through her heart, Iris made the request to Lynecke. Lynecke hesitated for a moment but eventually hunched his back and left the bedroom.
Iris felt she had done something a bit bad, but.

"Now then, how is your condition once again, Iris-sama? From what I've heard, Iris-sama has had concerns about your physical strength since you lived in the village."

"Ugh, that's right. I thought it had gotten much better since I became an adult, but……"

"This past year has been quite tumultuous, after all. You met Lord Eugard, and lost your birthplace and your family. You were thrown into an unfamiliar noble life, and the things you had to learn and remember were more than you could count on both hands, and even His Excellency's 'Selection Ceremony' has begun."

"Your way of saying it is quite blunt, but that's right."

"My apologies. I have a nature that only allows for frank speech."

When the events that had occurred to Iris this past year were listed, she could say with certainty that it was the most intense time of her life.
With one busy day after another falling upon her, it was only natural to run out of breath.
Even so, she hadn't wanted to run out of breath. In fact, everyone else besides her—especially Eugard, who had it the hardest—was energetically continuing to deal with problems.

"I'm weak, and I hate myself for it……"

"Iris-sama is weak, you say? You must be joking."

When Iris cursed her own helplessness, Whitaker, who heard her, raised his eyebrows.
Iris suspected sarcasm at the unexpected words, but Whitaker's thread-like eyes, which didn't even let her peek into his inner thoughts, didn't look like he was joking.

"Due to the nature of my family's work, I've seen many weak people, but I can't possibly think Iris-sama is weak. I cannot agree."

"B-But, I actually have a fever like this……"

"I believe physical concerns and the evaluation of being strong or weak are on different scales. For example, how is your relationship with Lynecke-dono or Volcas-dono?"

"My relationship with Sensei and Volcas."

"Yes. Those two and the penal squad are the ones who killed your family, aren't they?"

At the words spoken in a flat tone, Iris caught her breath and looked at Whitaker.

"My apologies. As I told you when we first spoke, I've already investigated everything surrounding Lord Eugard, including Iris-sama. Of course, I know about the village too."

"I see. ……No, it's not something I'm hiding. I just didn't think people would understand if I said it openly."

"That's true. When I first learned of this story, I thought it was a poorly made joke. Because, normally speaking, it's a decision one couldn't make. Both yours and His Excellency's."

Whitaker's way of speaking, much like the eyes behind his thread-like lids, was unreadable in terms of emotion.
There were certainly no emotions like anger or joy there, but on the other hand, his tone didn't sound like he was narrating calmly or serenely either. If she had to say, it felt like excitement.
With a heat of expectation in his voice, Whitaker rubbed his hands together in front of his face.

"I understand that Lord Eugard thinks differently from others. He has been forced to live a life different from ordinary people as the 'King of Thorns.' But, Iris-sama, what about you?"

"……Me?"

"You were nothing more than an ordinary village girl with nothing special about your birth. Why is it that you can see things in the same way as someone like Lord Eugard, who doesn't follow a kind of common path? —Is it, after all, because of your experience of hovering between life and death due to illness?"

"—. I think it's not unrelated."

While being overwhelmed by the talkative Whitaker, Iris nodded at the question.
In the past—specifically, on that day when she lost her parents and decided to let Volcas live—Iris remembered telling the same story to Eugard.

She was someone who had nearly died from a serious illness and survived by some miracle.
Perhaps because of that experience, Iris felt 'death' more closely than anyone else. However, such a thing applied to anyone other than Iris—for example, soldiers or mercenaries who made a living fighting on the battlefield.

"No, rather than me, those people are much more proper. So, my way of thinking isn't that special……"

"But, no one can do it even if they try. I think that is a truly 'dramatic' choice, Iris-sama."

"……Dramatic."

"Seeking that is my principle of action. —I envy people who can do that."

Most likely, Whitaker was the type of person who was good at feigning his persona. She felt that his conversation in this bedroom, and his appearance shown through the mirror until now, were things Whitaker was always feigning.
That was why Iris felt that only the last bit of envy was Whitaker's true feelings.

"But, it doesn't seem like we're talking about me not being weak……"

"Iris-sama, you don't think His Excellency is weak either, do you? Being able to see things the same way as His Excellency means that Iris-sama is just as strong as him."

"Muu, I feel like I'm being talked into it."

Stopping the movement of rubbing his hands, Iris was dissatisfied with Whitaker's words as he opened both hands. At that reaction, Whitaker chuckled.

"Um, I'm a sick person, you know? If it's a visit, please visit properly. Did you chase Sensei away just because you wanted to talk about that?"

"Ah, no. There's something I wanted to confirm with Iris-sama. —Iris-sama, have you ever heard of a disease called 'Berserker Sickness'?"

"……No?"

"Actually, I suspect that might be the major illness Iris-sama suffered from when you were young."

"Eh……"

At Whitaker's somewhat sudden statement, Iris's eyes widened.
A disease name she hadn't heard of, 'Berserker Sickness.' Being told that was the illness she had suffered from in the past felt like suddenly being told the name of her enemy from childhood.
However, Iris's shock didn't stop there.

"This 'Berserker Sickness' is said to be a kind of infectious disease that raged during the era of the Witch's War. It's mostly been eradicated now, but it apparently occasionally appears genetically in bloodlines. I suspect if you trace back Iris-sama's parents or grandparents, you'll find someone who suffered from it."

"Is that so. I didn't know. I thought the healer said it didn't seem like an epidemic, and that it might be an endemic disease."

"That healer seems to have done their best despite not knowing. After all, they let Iris-sama survive back then and kept it in a state of remission until today."

"That's right. Thanks to the healer—"

Just as she was about to remember her gratitude toward her benefactor whose face was now blurry, Iris's movements stopped.
What did Whitaker just say? Didn't he say "remission"?

"Remission……?"

"It means it hasn't been completely cured. The reason Iris-sama has had concerns about your physical strength for many years is because 'Berserker Sickness' is still causing trouble even now. Furthermore, this disease continuously progresses."

"—No way."

Being told the disease was progressing, Iris forgot her high fever and felt as if her entire body had turned cold.
She had intended to return to health as soon as possible and rush to Eugard's side. If that wouldn't come true, and she was harboring an even bigger problem, then.

"I, I……"

In the past, while drifting in a fever, Iris had been strongly conscious of 'death.'
Since then, Iris herself hadn't felt a great fear of dying. —But now, she was certain that if she died, everything connected to her would collapse.

"I can't die……! What should I do?"

"――――"

"What should I do to stay alive!? What should I do to stay by His Excellency's side……"

"I told you, didn't I? 'Berserker Sickness' is an eradicated disease. That's why even skilled healers often don't even know the existence of the disease itself."

"T-Then, the way to cure it is also……"

"—So, I had a hard time gathering the herbs necessary for the treatment."

"Eh……"

Amidst the loud sound of her pounding heart, Iris was slow to catch Whitaker's words. In front of Iris, who looked up, Whitaker carefully adjusted his hat.
And the face of the man wearing the hat was etched with a smile.

"The herbs I gave to Lynecke-dono are for that. 'Berserker Sickness' is a disease whose way of killing is known, a disease that has already lost. There's no need to worry."

"Y-Y-You…… you did that on purpose, didn't you!?"

"Haha, that was quite a 'dramatic' expression."

At Whitaker's unbelievable prank, Iris's voice turned high and cracked.
He gave a polite bow as if he had been applauded, and then, leaving a nasty smile for Iris, whose fever seemed likely to rise even further, he turned his back.

"With this, my business is finished. Please take care of yourself, Iris-sama. If His Excellency gets shaken every time something happens to you, various corrections to the plan will be necessary."

"I'm going to tell His Excellency on you!"

"You can't do such a trivial thing."

The squeezed-out sour grapes were bounced back by a cool smile, and Iris was defeated. As if satisfied with that, Whitaker left the bedroom, and Iris collapsed onto the bed.
Her head was fuzzy from the fever, but she didn't know if that was just from her poor physical condition or if it was influenced by the torrent of emotions born within her.

"Berserker Sickness……"

Suddenly learning the name of her long-time nemesis, learning that it was a powerful enemy that could kill her, but also learning the way to kill that powerful nemesis and having the preparations already made.
She was troubled whether she should be angry at Whitaker's bad taste or wail, but if she were to talk only about the hope that was ultimately presented—,

"I can live too……"

She wouldn't have to hate and curse herself for having a fever at a crucial time and not being able to be by Eugard's side.
If she hadn't known, she would have been killed by the disease, but that fear would also disappear.

While properly doing what she could as Iris by Eugard's side.

"—Ah."

A small, raspy voice leaked from her throat, and Iris realized a feeling that was terribly late.
Feeling relieved, thinking about her future once again, and then naturally imagining herself by Eugard's side, she thought.

"……I love His Excellency."

A man who had saved her life twice, kept Iris by his side after she had lost everything, aimed for the throne of the Empire without hesitation for Iris's sake, and looked at Iris with kind eyes.
Being swung around, being made to go along with him, she had stayed with him for the reason of a strange sense of duty, as if doing so was the right thing. But she was wrong.

"I love His Excellency."

Now that she knew she could live, she finally realized her feelings.
Iris had been in love with Eugard Elkanthi all along.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"—My star."

Suddenly, feeling as if he had heard the voice of the girl he loved, Eugard looked up in his solitary tent.

"――――"

Naturally, even as he looked around, Iris was not in the tent.
She had fallen ill just before the expedition and was currently recuperating at the mansion. She herself had self-reported concerns about her physical strength, saying it was caused by a major illness she suffered in her childhood.
Even so, she had planned to accompany the expedition by pushing herself, but the fatigue accumulated from the repeated changes in environment must have burst forth.
It was a blessing in disguise that it happened just before departure and not in the middle of the expedition.

"If she is at the mansion, Lynecke and the maids will provide perfect care."

If this had happened during the expedition, where things were not flexible, dealing with it would have been difficult. Eugard was also deeply reflecting on his lack of foresight in that case.
And, as Eugard was furrowing his brows—,

"Hey, don't just shut up and start thinking about that girl all of a sudden, you Lord-bastard."

"Hm."

"I'm in the middle of a report, so listen properly. You can worry about Iris all you want after my business is done!"

A rough, sharp voice was emitted from the "Conversation Mirror" in front of Eugard.
The mirror surface, which was emitting light indicating communication, reflected the giant black wolfman—Volcas, who led the penal squad and fought as the mainstay of the Elkanthi army.
He remembered that until just a moment ago, he had been discussing the war situation and strategy with him.

"My apologies. Just now, I felt as if I heard my star's voice."

"Iris's voice……? You don't think she's following us, do you?"

"No, I haven't received such a report. I have strictly ordered Lynecke to contact me even for trivial matters regarding Iris. If he goes against that order, it will be the turn of the 'Submission Collar'."

"Don't use the collar you haven't used even once like that!"

At Eugard's flat words, Volcas barked with his mouth wide open. Around Volcas's neck, the same "Submission Collar" as Lynecke's was fitted.
However, the "Submission Collars" fitted around the necks of Volcas, Lynecke, and all the others who were part of the former bandit gang had never once had their function used.
Because there had been no need to use them.

"Your efforts are remarkable. The circumstances of joining the penal squad are what they are, but I intend to highly evaluate your contributions."

"Hah! You'd better. —The blood on my fangs is the blood of those who tried to protect your siblings, after all."

"Indeed. You have done well."

Eugard quietly nodded at Volcas, who valiantly boasted of his achievements.
In fact, the activities of the penal squad led by Volcas as captain were remarkable, and in the "Selection Ceremony" that had begun like a landslide from the passing of the previous Emperor, they had piled up overwhelming victories even in the clashes between the forces of the princes that had already occurred several times.

"However, as much as possible, have the soldiers suppress acts of looting. Rewards will be given sufficiently. There is no need to collect heads or ears as proof of military results. Make sure this is well known."

"Don't keep reminding me. There's no one under me stupid enough to work like a horse when they have a collar. The other units are probably following along for now too."

"I see, then that is fine."

The prohibition of looting was something Eugard wanted to be thorough about among the instructions he gave.
From the start, the battles of the "Selection Ceremony" were a civil war within the Volakian Empire in every sense, and no matter how quickly it was settled, a decline in national power was unavoidable. It was an absolute condition to keep the blood shed and lives lost to a minimum and to prepare a system to quickly heal the wounds suffered.
Even without such a perspective, Eugard did not like the sight of the victor excessively exploiting the weak. The kind-hearted Iris surely viewed things from the same perspective.

"My star……"

When he let his guard down, he would inadvertently think about Iris immediately. Even if he didn't let his guard down, he would remember her in connection with anything, but especially when he did.

"Hey, you don't necessarily need to be on the front lines."

"—. What are you saying?"

"I'm saying you don't need to come out here. Anyway, even if you come out, you're just talking to a mirror at the back or the edge of the camp. I'm saying there's no point in you being here. Or what, are you gonna go out to the battlefield alone and annihilate the enemy forces?"

"Like when I struck you all down, you mean?"

"Don't remember unnecessary things!"

He couldn't help but understand what Volcas, who had brought it up himself and was now unreasonably angry, was trying to say, but that was overestimating the "King of Thorns" too much.

"Even with my binding thorns, blunders can occur in a battle of thousands. I haven't tried it, but there must be a limit to the thorns as well."

It might be possible to bind everyone with thorns if it were Volcas and his gang from when they were bandits, or a small village unit, but he had never verified the maximum number of people. He didn't want to conduct experiments to make others suffer.
As expected, it would be impossible to bind everyone against an army of thousands or tens of thousands, and if attacked from a distance unaffected by the thorns, he would be taken down before they even got close to Eugard.

Besides Iris's existence, there were many ways to kill the "King of Thorns."
However—,

"It is not to kill, but only my star who can let the 'King of Thorns' live."

If she weren't there, Eugard wouldn't have tried to fight through the "Selection Ceremony."
Like the princes who had already admitted defeat and offered their lives in exchange for the safety of their territories, Eugard would have made the opponent accept as many conditions as possible and promptly swallowed poison.

"Therefore, I will not make plans that rely on my power. My apologies, Volcas."

"That's not it! Since there's no point in you being here, I'm saying you should just stay by Iris's side! Don't make me say it, you Lord-bastard!"

"—. So that's what you meant."

Eugard's eyes widened at Volcas's consideration, which was told along with an insult.
Since there were circumstances where he had pleaded for his life and had his life spared, Volcas seemed to be quite grateful to Iris, but to think he was sincerely worried about her after she collapsed.
However, Eugard shook his head.

"I appreciate the concern, but I will not do that. This is something I started. It is my role to witness its transition to the smallest detail, my duty as a member of the Imperial family, and the obligation of one who will become Emperor."

"Tch, even though you're holding back from talking through the mirror."

"It is something I decided with my star. It is also hard for me to talk to my star without being able to touch her."

Eugard closed one eye as he heard Volcas click his tongue at that answer.
It might have sounded like a joke, but it was his unmistakable true feelings. It wasn't that they had tried it, but the consensus between Eugard and Iris was that they didn't even want to try.

Eugard and Iris were the two who could talk while looking at each other's faces at a distance where they could touch.
That sense of distance was special to Eugard, and surely to Iris as well, and he didn't want to admit that it could be substituted by another method.

"It is a bit of an ironic story, though."

He didn't want to do anything other than talk while looking at her face at a distance where they could touch Iris.
It was putting the cart before the horse to be separated from her for that reason—if he were to say that, the reason Eugard decided to survive the "Selection Ceremony" was for Iris's peace and happiness, and his own desire to be with her for even a little longer.
Currently, participating in the "Selection Ceremony" was instead reducing his time with Iris. If he were to carry through the path he chose, that was unavoidable.

"If you think of me and Iris, then continue to pile up victories. That is the fastest way to let me return to Iris."

"It's not for you or for her, but I'll do it. In exchange, you, if you become Emperor at this rate, you'd better treat me properly, got it?"

"Of course. Your efforts are worthy of being treated more than sufficiently as a 'General'."

"O-Oh…… a-as long as you understand, as long as you understand."

For some reason, while being quite flustered, the communication through the "Conversation Mirror" with Volcas ended.
There were many stories that deviated from the main topic, but the fact that Volcas was worried about Iris was a harvest for Eugard as well. Iris, who had even charmed a rough wolfman, was truly impressive.

『—Lord Eugard, can we talk now?』

After finishing his talk with Volcas, Eugard, who was transferring water from a pitcher to a cup, turned around at the call from another "Conversation Mirror."
Those who were given the limited number of "Conversation Mirrors" were those in important positions within the camp. Since it was a woman's voice that didn't belong to Iris, there was only one person it could be.

"Teriola, is it. I don't mind. Is it a report?"

Reflected in the glowing mirror surface was Teriola, with long red hair and wearing a dress.
She was also accompanying the Elkanthi army while in charge of rear-guard support. Seeing her impeccable grooming even on the battlefield, he caught a glimpse of the high awareness of the Goldario family.

In fact, as her brother Whitaker had suggested, Teriola was a hard-working girl.
Discerning that she was not in a position to speak actively at the military council during the "Selection Ceremony," her specialty was primarily intelligence on other camps and information warfare using what she gained from it.
In fact, the intelligence officers of the Goldario family—the Shinobi—commanded by Teriola had brought information that had caused more than a handful of princes to drop out of the ceremony without even fighting.

"The maneuvering against the Musique family the other day was well done. It was a splendid arrangement."

『I am honored, Excellency. But I only followed my brother's instructions. If you are to recognize our family's efforts, please direct those words to my brother……』

"Of course, I evaluate Whitaker's efforts. However, even if it was Whitaker who gave the instructions, it was your strength that actually executed and achieved it. Therefore, I also want to thank you for your labor."

『Excellency……』

Teriola's almond-shaped eyes widened, and the expression of surprise she showed lost its usual harshness, giving a glimpse of her true face that she usually kept hidden.
As a member of the Goldario family, the awareness that she had to support that Whitaker—Eugard felt an admiration that was a hair's breadth away from pity for how strongly it bound Teriola.

『Please do not think such things, Excellency. One cannot choose the family they are born into, but I intend to choose the best for myself within the birth of our family. Considering the difficult position Lord Eugard is placed in, I am nothing.』

"I have my joys and sorrows, and you have yours. There is no point in discussing which is greater or heavier by comparing them. I may become Emperor eventually, but it is out of the question to belittle your daily life for that reason."

『――――』

"In fact, I would be reprimanded by my star for such a thought."

He didn't even want to let Iris, who was a bundle of kindness, hear such a cold-hearted thought.
At Eugard's words, Teriola's amber eyes mixed with complex emotions. It was a complex color of joy and impression, and grief and resignation.

"My apologies. It seems the conversation has strayed. Let me hear your report."

『—. No, it is not exactly a report. The preparations for Your Excellency's tent are complete, so you can move in at any time.』

"I see, the tent."

Because Teriola brought up the word "tent," Eugard grasped the intent of her story.
During the march, the tent where Eugard spent his time was pitched at the edge of the camp. Given Eugard's constitution, which prevented him from acting with others, it was unavoidable for him to spend his time alone.
Originally, Iris was scheduled to handle the task of distracting him from such loneliness and taking care of Eugard's personal needs, but that was gone after she collapsed.
As a result, Eugard was forced to take care of his own needs himself, but—,

『It is out of the question to trouble Your Excellency with such trivial matters.』

Claiming so, Teriola quickly prepared two tents as a counter-proposal.
By doing so, while one tent was in use, the cleaning and tidying of the other tent would be completed, and Eugard would alternate between the two tents.
There was the trouble of moving, but it was certainly helpful that he was no longer troubled by trivial matters.

"However, in the sense of being troubled by trivial matters, you are the same. For you, who has a position, to go out of your way to tidy up the tent……"

『No, it is an important time. I know it is almost impossible, but it is not out of the question that someone with ill intent might sneak in to Your Excellency's side. In that regard, I do not have that concern. You recognize that as well, don't you?』

"Is it because that is the policy of the Goldario family?"

『—. Yes, that is right. Of course, originally this was Iris-sama's role. I suspect Your Excellency may have some dissatisfaction.』

"No, I don't."

Teriola, who had lowered her tone slightly, was surprised with an "Eh" at Eugard's assertion.
However, Eugard looked at Teriola in the mirror and told her, as it was not desirable to let someone who did good work have a misunderstanding.

"You are fully fulfilling the work you can perform under limited conditions. I am satisfied with that work, so I have no dissatisfaction."

『――――』

"You have done well, Teriola Goldario. Continue to serve well hereafter."

『—Yes, Excellency.』

Placing her white, slender fingers on her chest, Teriola deeply nodded at Eugard's words.
As he had told her, Eugard was satisfied with Teriola's work. She seemed to have a sense of guilt for taking Iris's job, but there was no need to think of it as a burden.
After all, even if she recovered, Eugard's conclusion was that Iris should not be allowed to accompany the expedition.

"I do not want to let my star breathe the air of the battlefield if possible."

Standing in an unwanted environment would easily wear down Iris's mind and body.
He wasn't saying she lacked resolve, or that her determination was fragile. But everything had its suitability, and Iris was not a girl who could stand on a battlefield.
If only Iris could at least be healthy—,

『That worry of Your Excellency's, perhaps it can be removed.』

"What?"

『It is only my brother's speculation, so I cannot say for certain.』

At Teriola's suggestive words, Eugard furrowed his brows. But whether it was a story without proof or she didn't have Whitaker's permission, Teriola didn't say anything more. However, it seemed certain that she had spoken because it wasn't a bad story for Eugard.
To know the scheme of Teriola and Whitaker.

"—It is to end the 'Selection Ceremony' even a day sooner."

『Lord Eugard……』

"Teriola, continue to serve well. I have a military council. I leave the details to you."

『—. Understood, Excellency. Please do as you wish.』

"Umu. Your loyalty is commendable."

Bowing to Eugard, who nodded, Teriola's figure reflected in the mirror disappeared.
Seeing that, Eugard rubbed his brow with his fingers before activating the several "Conversation Mirrors" lined up, and reconstructed the future marching plan in his head.

While knowing that haste was forbidden, his rushing feelings continued to assert themselves no matter what.
For Eugard, who did not know pain, to stop that throbbing, there was no other way than to be prescribed the specific medicine called Iris.
That was why—,

"—O my star, whom I think of even in the dark sky."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—It was a sensation of her soul being burned by an unprecedented scorching heat.

Her feverish head and body had forced Iris into helplessness many times.
However, what this scorching heat brought was not helplessness. This heat, which was much, much larger than anything before, was something that should bring Iris freedom.

"~~~~!"

There was a suffering as if the contents of her body were being thrown into a fire, and Iris writhed.
Her body, which she thought had had its life force snatched away by the demon of illness when she was young. Knowing that her body actually hadn't been able to eradicate the demon of illness, she was strangely convinced.
The 'death' that Iris felt had always been by her side had continued to stay close to her in the form of a disease that had not been overcome.

"Ex, cellency……"

While letting out hot breaths, Iris pictured the man she loved.
Her vision, blurred by fever and tears, was vaguely blurring even the familiar ceiling. But what Iris wanted to see was not the white ceiling, but the single man who was not in this place.
The one who was still continuing to fight alone for Iris's future.

She also thought what an arrogant idea it was.
Thinking Eugard was alone, what did she think of Whitaker and the retainers who wished to make him Emperor and cooperated, and Volcas and the territorial soldiers who shed blood and fought?
Of course, she was grateful to them. She didn't think their feelings were a lie either.

However, even so, Eugard was alone.
Because Iris, who should have been the only one who could be by his side, was not there.

"I have to go……"

Iris, who was tasting the height of breathlessness, while realizing she was drowning in a suffering equal to—no, greater than—before, desperately reached out her hand toward the back in the distance.
When she was young, Iris, who was drowning in a lake of fever, had chased after the backs of her parents, who were close to her. A young self, who only desperately clung to them, wanting to be saved.
But Iris was no longer a child. Instead of clinging, she could start running.

"Lord Eugard."

To that person, she could start running straight—.

"—Iris-dono!"

At the sharp voice thrown at her from close by, Iris slowly opened her eyelids.
Her entire body was drenched in a waterfall of sweat, and she could tell the inside of the bed was damp and soggy. Since she usually hardly ever sweated, it was an abnormal amount even for night sweats.
But she didn't feel that sweat was unpleasant. Rather, it was refreshing.

Because it felt like proof that the thing that had been nesting inside her had been chased out of her body in a visible form.

"You worked hard, you worked very hard-moi. You're a strong girl-moi……!"

"Sensei……"

Lynecke, who was holding Iris's hand by her side and desperately calling out to her, was trembling with his voice.
Using the precious herbs Whitaker had procured, he, who had decocted the specific medicine for "Berserker Sickness," must have been doing that the whole time while Iris was fighting the demon of illness.

Perhaps Iris's body wouldn't be able to withstand the battle with the demon of illness.
If that happened, he had been desperately, earnestly prepared.

"But, I was able to come back, Sensei."

"Splendid-moi! Truly, truly……"

"……It's strange for Sensei to be the one crying."

Iris smiled weakly at Lynecke, who was shedding tears from his round eyes.
However, although this smile was weak, strength would well up again soon. A strength that Iris had never experienced before.
There was a sensation that the life force that had been lacking until now had returned.
That was why—,

"I want to see His Excellency. —Because there's something I want to tell him."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"Guh, ack……!"

Letting out a cry of pain as if spitting blood, the "Yang Sword" fell from Gildeo Musique's hand.
The Imperial treasure of Volakia, as dazzling as fire and as red as blood, vanished like smoke before it could make a high-pitched sound on the floor.
The vanished "Yang Sword" would never return to Gildeo's hand again.

"This is the end."

In front of Gildeo, who had fallen to his knees, Eugard held the same thing as the vanished treasure.
Crossing "Yang Swords" for the third time and exchanging sword strokes was a feat achieved by Gildeo's pride. His sword strikes, which endured pain and suffering, still had the spirit to surpass his opponent.
Even that obsession of Gildeo's, Eugard's thorns did not let go, binding him.

"Eugard……"

Strongly clutching his chest, Gildeo was gasping at the pain that surged incessantly. Even so, as one of the Volakian Imperial family—as one of the last two—his face and eyes would not lose.
Eugard expressed his respect for Gildeo's mental strength, which was worthy of praise, and for Gildeo, who had been considered the most powerful in the "Selection Ceremony" for many years and had displayed power equal to or greater than his reputation.

"You did well, Brother."

"—Hmph."

Distorting his lips in pain, Gildeo did not mock or make excuses to Eugard, but smiled heroically without bending his strong and brave way of life.
Nodding at Gildeo's ambition, which did not say much, Eugard swung the "Yang Sword"—his brother's sturdy neck was slashed off, and his body fell sideways on the spot.

Gildeo's remains would not burn up.
The flames of the "Yang Sword" burned what they wanted to burn to ashes, and Gildeo did not fall into that category.
Of course, it was necessary to leave the remains for the confirmation of Gildeo's death, but the respect Eugard paid to Gildeo was unrelated to such circumstances.
In any case—,

"—It's over."

Eugard and the deceased Gildeo.
Other than them, the soldiers of the Musique family who stood in the way to protect Gildeo were also lying fallen on the path Eugard took to reach here.
Surrounding Gildeo's camp where he was holed up, driving him into the great hall, and then settling it with a duel between Eugard and Gildeo.

—The final settlement, at least, had to be made with his own hands.

"—Are you listening, Whitaker?"

『Yes, without problem. Excellency, for you to contact me like this means……』

"That's right. —I have struck down Gildeo Musique. It is our victory."

『――――』

Activating the "Conversation Mirror" he took from his pocket, he told Whitaker, who had been waiting with bated breath for the report of the settlement.
Then, Whitaker, who was quick to react to everything, fell silent.
Thinking it was unusual, Eugard raised one eyebrow,

"Whitaker? As I told you, it is our victory. Immediately to the castle……"

『—I respectfully offer my congratulations, Emperor Eugard Volakia.』

『――――』

As if he had been retaliated against, it was Eugard's turn to fall silent.
Whitaker, reflected in the mirror, was bowing deeply with his hand on his chest. Seeing that as a supreme bow with more respect than ever before, Eugard let out a small breath.

Yes, that's right.
Until Whitaker told him, he hadn't had a certain realization—Gildeo Musique was the last enemy, and with this, the prince with the right to imperial succession who remained alive was only one.
Namely, Eugard was the winner of the "Selection Ceremony."

"Eugard Volakia, is it."

『You will be the sixty-first Emperor. As someone who was able to assist you, I am also proud.』

"Whitaker Goldario, you have also done well. However……"

『However?』

"If I were to be congratulated first, I would have wanted to hear it from my star's mouth."

When he spoke his honest feelings so simply, Whitaker blinked and then started laughing.
He reflected that it was an offensive remark that wouldn't have been strange if he had gotten angry, but Whitaker managed to hold back his laughter at such a Eugard,

『Hahaha, you are an interesting person, truly. Once I get used to those far too honest opinions, they are pleasant to the ear. I have something I want to tell such an Excellency.』

"What is it? What else is there besides congratulations?"

『That is, of course—I have prepared a "dramatic" gift.』

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

Eugard Elkanthi, who would become Eugard Volakia after the coronation, did not understand what the "dramatic" that Whitaker Goldario spoke of was.
However, it was a value that Whitaker, a capable and irreplaceable advisor, held dear, and Eugard also thought he wanted to understand it if possible.

That "dramatic" of Whitaker's, he might have understood it for the first time.

"――――"

Leaving the castle of the Musique family, Eugard stood on a wide, wide, deserted plain.
In Eugard's field of vision, standing with the castle at his back, in that place where both enemies and allies were gone, he saw a single ox carriage in the far distance and a small figure alighting from it.
He knew at a glance who that small figure, looking as blurry as a heat haze, was.

"—My star."

A woman who was recuperating at the mansion, who refused to talk through the "Conversation Mirror," and whom he could only meet behind his closed eyelids for several months while focusing on the "Selection Ceremony"—Iris was there.
The deserted plain and the ox carriage that delivered her, was it Whitaker who arranged them?
If Eugard had been defeated by Gildeo, he would have brought Iris close to a dangerous place full of enemy soldiers, but such natural sense of crisis also blew away.

Wearing a blue dress, her flaxen hair tied in one, Iris stood with her back somewhat straightened, and she also turned her face this way and caught the equally blurry Eugard in her sight.
Knowing that her beautiful eyes were slightly moist, Eugard started running.

Kicking the ground, each step frustratingly, Eugard ran toward Iris.
Iris also started running this way, as if she couldn't wait for Eugard, who was rushing toward her.

"――――"

For a moment, he tried to raise a voice of concern for Iris, but that was canceled out by her expression, which gradually became clearly visible, and Iris's smile, which was almost shining.
Seeing Iris's figure as if there were no anxiety about her falling with a fever, Eugard accepted that as her answer and strengthened the speed of kicking the ground even more.
And the distance between the two gradually, gradually, gradually, gradually, gradually closed—,

"My star…… Iris!"

Clearly, at a distance where he could see Iris's face, Eugard shouted loudly.
Shouting, he decided in his heart to take Iris's hand—no, to embrace her body from the front. Iris, who was called, widened her eyes slightly, and then her pace slowed down little by little.
It was this distance. It was hard to run suddenly. It was frustrating, but it didn't matter. Eugard just had to close that gap himself.

Like that, with his feelings rushing, Eugard went to Iris—,

"—Iris?"

Panting, Eugard's expression suddenly clouded as he ran toward Iris.
That was because Iris, who had been running to close the distance from her side and eventually slowed to a walking pace, had stopped.
Did she push herself too much, was it the limit of her physical strength, Eugard's eyes looked at Iris closely.
And he understood that it was neither of those.

"—Ah."

Iris had placed her hand on her chest and fallen to her knees, letting out a breath as if gasping in pain.
What had happened, what had occurred to her body, he knew as if he were holding it in his hand. —Because the expression Iris was wearing was a familiar one to Eugard.

"—Whitaker! Send someone immediately!"

『――――』

Tapping the mirror surface of the "Conversation Mirror" he took out, Eugard emitted the sharpest voice of his life.
The reaction from the other side of the mirror, which probably didn't expect to be called right now, was slow. As if he couldn't wait for that, Eugard called "Whitaker!" many times.

Before he knew it, Eugard also stopped his feet and did not close the distance with Iris any further.
He couldn't close it.
Because—,

"I can no longer…… get close to Iris, to my star."

Eugard Elkanthi won the "Selection Ceremony" and certainly took the Imperial throne he had sworn to Iris in his hand.

—In exchange for that throne, losing the qualification to touch the most beautiful star in this world.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—An old tale tells.

It is the story of a lone King and a single girl.
A story of how a King who was alone met a girl and was alone no longer.

The King, who should have been alone no longer, was robbed of his time with the girl who should have been able to make him not alone.
The binding thorns finally bound even the girl's heart, and the meeting of the two was hindered.

The lone King, who should have cut down his brothers and sisters and obtained the throne.
The single girl, who should have realized her own feelings and told them to the King.

One and one, without being able to touch, the country of the sword-wolf continues to carve its history.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—"Berserker Sickness."

That is the name of a hideous disease that was intentionally spread in the Volakian Empire in the era when the "Witch" raged throughout the world.
In Volakia, which had observed the same iron-blooded laws since then, in an era when human lives were treated even more lightly than now, brave warriors who did not know fear were sought on the battlefield.
"Berserker Sickness" is a disease that was created on purpose to create those warriors.

The disease puts the patient through a sieve at the stage of infection, testing whether they can cross the boundary between life and death. The symptoms that manifest in the patients who survive are the reason why it is called "Berserker Sickness."
The brains of patients with "Berserker Sickness" become unable to perceive pain above a certain intensity.

What makes people cowardly on the battlefield is the fear of death, but its entrance lies in pain. In other words, blocking pain produces the effect of making one forget death until the moment of death.
Therefore, those who suffered from "Berserker Sickness" could continue to run wild until they died, no matter how deep a wound they suffered, as if they were drifting in a fever.

"For that reason, it gradually fell into disuse from the era when the Witch's War ended, and now it has become a disease of which almost no records remain-moi."

"――――"

"It is thought that the onset in Iris-dono was genetic from an ancestor-moi. That had been making Iris-dono suffer for many years, and this time, the root cause was successfully cured with the medicine decocted from the herbs that were obtained-moi."

"――――"

"……That resulted in distancing Iris-dono from His Excellency-moi."

Sitting by the bedside, Lynecke explained the sequence of events.
While listening to Lynecke's words, Iris, lying in bed, touched her chest and stared at the ceiling with a stunned face.

The place was the castle of the Musique family, and that place, which had lost its lord, had been requisitioned by the Elkanthi army and was currently being used by those related to the Elkanthi family, including Iris.
And Eugard was already not in this place. —He was in a position where he had to head to the Imperial Capital Lupugana and complete the coronation ceremony.

As the winner of the "Selection Ceremony," as the one who proved to be the person who should be most respected in this Empire, having obtained the qualification of the sixty-first Volakian Emperor.

Iris should have congratulated Eugard's victory from the closest place.

"~~~~!"

Strongly biting her lip, Iris covered her eyes with her arm. If she didn't, she would end up blaming Lynecke, who was there for her, with the tears that were gradually welling up.
After all, Lynecke had worked hard with all his knowledge to save Iris, who was suffering from a difficult disease.
Who could have predicted that it would result in something like this?

"—I'm sorry-moi, Iris-dono……!"

Even so, seeing Iris's gesture of covering her face, Lynecke blamed himself.
Feeling the presence of Lynecke bowing deeply, Iris shook her head.

"P-Please stop, Sensei. Sensei hasn't done anything, anything at all that you have to apologize for……"

"But-moi……!"

"No one would know! That because of my disease that I had for many years, His Excellency's thorns were nothing, no one. No one."

Yes, it was something no one could have predicted.
Everyone, this situation surrounding "Berserker Sickness" was created out of goodwill. If she were to look for a bad person, it wasn't Whitaker, who found the herbs, or Lynecke, who decocted them and made the medicine.

Iris, who suffered from such a disease, was the one at fault.

"But, if I wasn't a sick person, I wouldn't have been able to meet His Excellency."

"Iris-dono……"

"……It was like a dream time. A country village girl like me, being treated well by a handsome, tall Imperial prince like His Excellency. Moreover, that person isn't just a prince, he's even become the Emperor. I can't believe it anymore."

"――――"

"Having him work so hard, making him work so hard, I ruined everything."

The relationship between the two, which started from meeting Eugard on that hill and exchanging words under the starry sky, was completely destroyed by the existence of Iris.
She could no longer look at Eugard's face, touch Eugard's body, have her name called directly by Eugard's voice, have him touch her, and have him look at her.

"I…… what a terrible woman I am."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"――――"

In the empty throne room where no one was present, Eugard was looking at the Volakian national flag.
Behind the throne, hanging from the high ceiling of the room, was the national emblem of the Volakian Empire, a wolf pierced by a sword, fluttering as proof of the nobility and pride of the Imperial citizens.
If the "Sword-Wolf" engraved on that national flag was the quality required of the Emperor of the Volakian Empire, was Eugard a "Sword-Wolf"?

Did he have the qualification for the top of the Imperial citizens, who were strongly admonished to be powerful?

"If I say such a thing, I will be cursed by Brother Gildeo."

Gildeo, who sought the Imperial throne energetically and ambitiously to realize his own ideals.
It wasn't just Gildeo. There were two hundred and twelve princes who had the qualification to participate in this "Selection Ceremony"—both those who chose to fight and those who couldn't choose, with all their lives as a foundation, Eugard obtained the qualification to sit on the throne in the Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital Lupugana.

"――――"

At his feet, the carpet as red as blood, even if it didn't have actual blood soaked into it, had the blood of his two hundred and eleven brothers and those who sacrificed their lives for them soaked into it.
Stepping on it, Eugard sat on the throne with dignity in a place where no one was present.

"Berserker Sickness……"

On the throne, in Eugard's hand as he muttered so, was a single letter.
It was the text of an arrow letter delivered by a whistling arrow, and what was recorded was the details of the fallen Iris's condition and its treatment, plus the reason for the change that occurred in her body.
In short, Iris had been harboring a difficult disease of which she had no awareness, and that difficult disease had continued to protect her from Eugard's binding thorns. However, no matter what kind of work it did, a disease was a disease, and he treated it as it would concern her life if left alone, and Iris was released from the long-standing pathology.
In exchange, she lost the means to escape from the binding thorns.

"—My star."

The figure of Iris, gasping in pain and unable to even touch, was remembered, and Eugard rubbed his brow with his fingers and quietly prayed for her peace.
In the letter, it was clearly written that she, who was recuperating in the castle of the Musique family, was already stable, had no aftereffects of "Berserker Sickness," and was heading toward recovery.
Even so, he sincerely wished that the memory of the pain she tasted would fade even a little sooner.

—Never again, Eugard would probably not be able to touch Iris.

He couldn't comb that flaxen hair with his fingers, stroke her blushing cheeks with his palm, kiss her eyelids as she looked at Eugard shyly, and embrace her slender and beloved body.
But—,

"If I can create a time when you can spend your time peacefully, that is enough."

That was the first reason why Eugard Elkanthi challenged the "Selection Ceremony."

Iris, whose home village was attacked by bandits and whose family was killed. She, who showed mercy by pleading for the lives of even those who were her enemies, would live in Volakia, where the iron-blooded laws were respected even after Eugard's death. —He had to somehow change the environment where Iris would be easily trampled upon with his own hands.

For that purpose, Eugard chose to win the "Selection Ceremony" and become Emperor.
Welcoming Iris as the Imperial Consort, sharing the same time as her, and living happily ever after—that was only Eugard's own desire, attached to that first wish.
Such a thing was not something to be prioritized by making Iris suffer.

"I have been sufficiently blessed. —All that remains is to do work worthy of being blessed."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"Don't mess with me!"

The arm swung with all its might smashed the long desk used for the military council into pieces.
Being showered with not a few wood chips scattered in the tent, Whitaker frowned his thin eyes while covering his mouth with a white handkerchief.

"No one is messing with you. Please calm down."

"You, how can I be calm about this! The Lord-bastard is finally about to become the Emperor-bastard, and then this…… this!"

The one who raised his voice roughly and narrowed the pupils of his golden eyes was the angry Volcas.
At the cause of Volcas's roughness, the reason why he was raging, Whitaker rubbed both hands together in front of his face.

"That's unexpected."

"Ah? What is? What's unexpected……"

"Because, isn't it? From Volcas-dono's perspective, with this, His Excellency can no longer get close to Iris-sama. From your perspective of thinking of Iris-sama—"

"—Shut up."

Immediately after the bone-chilling voice was emitted, Volcas's beast claws were applied to Whitaker's neck.
It was truly a feat of speed that could be called the speed of a blink. Whitaker, who hadn't even mastered self-defense, couldn't even follow the movement of the top-tier powerhouse of the Empire he had angered with his eyes.
Even so, he had enough reason not to gouge Whitaker's neck with the applied beast claws.

"I owe that woman. A big, big debt. That's all."

"Let's leave it at that."

"You……"

"—Please stop!"

While leaving his life to the blade-like claws, Whitaker acted provocatively toward Volcas. Then, the sharp female voice strongly admonished the dangerous atmosphere that was about to rise between the two.
It was Teriola, who was present in this place and had seen the rough exchange just now.

"Volcas-sama, please calm down. You must not be short-tempered. Brother, please do not try to make him short-tempered while knowing better."

"Tch."

At Teriola's words, Volcas, who clicked his tongue, pushed Whitaker away. Whitaker, who stepped back with an "Oops," also had no choice but to raise both hands at his sister's stern gaze.
Seeing the two separate like that, Teriola let out a large sigh and then,

"Currently, the one who is suffering the most is Lord Eugard. He survived the 'Selection Ceremony,' and as long as he finishes the coronation ceremony, he can call himself Emperor……"

"In terms of a Shatranj board, it's the decisive move…… to think there would be such a pitfall just before checkmating."

"You're talking like it's someone else's business. In the first place, because of the herbs you brought, both Iris and the Lord-bastard are in that state……"

"Then, should I have overlooked Iris-sama's disease? Certainly, as you say, it might have been an option to let them spend their time peacefully together until Iris-sama passed away from the disease."

"Brother—!"

At her brother's excessive remark, Teriola denounced him with sharp eyes and voice. In an instant, if Teriola's voice had been late, Volcas's claws might have decapitated Whitaker.
It was a verbal abuse that could be said to have crossed the line.

"Please do not say such outrageous things. ……Volcas-sama, it is also wrong to blame my brother for Iris-sama's disease."

"Then…… then what should I do!"

Leaving it to anger, Volcas gnashed his fangs and held his head.
At Volcas's cry as if spitting blood, sadly, Teriola did not have an answer. Or perhaps no one in the Empire had that answer.

"Brother……"

"Don't make such a pathetic face and voice, Teriola. Straighten your back as a member of our family. —Whatever the case, the 'Selection Ceremony' is over. First, we will solemnly prepare for the coronation ceremony."

"Preparations for the coronation ceremony…… but, Lord Eugard is……"

"We need him to stand up, or we'll be in trouble. It's not a game. His Excellency understands that too."

Aside from the problem of Eugard and Iris, Whitaker touched upon the topic of the ceremony that should be proceeded with.
As Whitaker said, since the "Selection Ceremony" was over, the throne could not be left empty forever. The absence of the Emperor meant defenselessness against the neighboring Kingdom of Lugunica or the city-states. That was why the settlement of the "Selection Ceremony" was hurried.

"Volcas-dono, my sister and I will proceed with the preparations for the ceremony. You……"

"I'm going to Iris's place. I'm useless here now that the battle is over. Besides……"

"Besides?"

"Even if the 'Selection Ceremony' is over, if someone is going to do something bad, she's the one I can't leave most vulnerable."

Leaving those words, the standing Volcas hunched his back and walked out slowly so as not to rub his head against the tent.
At Volcas's hunched back, Teriola called out "Volcas-sama," and,

"Please, to Iris-sama…… that"

"Hmph, neither I nor you have anything we can say to her."

"—. Tell her to take care of herself."

Being hit where it hurt, the breathless Teriola could only say that.
Without answering anything to Teriola's deception, Volcas left the tent, and only the Goldario siblings remained in that place.

"However, in fact, I'm troubled. To think that curing Iris-sama's 'Berserker Sickness' would backfire in such a way."

"Such a thing…… no one could have predicted such a thing. For Brother to blame yourself……"

"That's right. —No one could have predicted it."

"……Brother?"

At Whitaker, who answered so while rubbing both hands together in front of his face, Teriola felt a sense of incongruity.
The remark that felt like it included something, once it got caught, Teriola thought about Whitaker saying it "backfired" before.
To backfire means that he acted to produce some kind of result.

Iris's "Berserker Sickness" was cured, and she could no longer escape from Eugard's binding thorns. But that wasn't the only thing that happened.

"—To think that Lord Eugard's 'Curse of Thorns' would expand its range."

Whitaker was as if his expectations were missed.
What her brother's words were indicating was the abnormality that occurred to him as the "King of Thorns" immediately after the reunion of Eugard and Iris did not come true—the expansion of the "Curse of Thorns."

Until now, the range of effect of Eugard's "Curse of Thorns" was roughly a hundred-meter radius. This also had some margin of error depending on the day, but that changed drastically.
The range of effect of the curse expanded to several hundred meters at once, and eventually, it even penetrated the "Conversation Mirror," and it came to bind the heart regardless of physical distance.

"Thanks to that, the 'Conversation Mirrors' I scattered for His Excellency have also become completely meaningless. If the effect of the curse hadn't changed, gathering the magic tools would have been meaningless."

"It wouldn't be meaningless. In fact, they were properly useful in the 'Selection Ceremony.' His Excellency's curse might not stay like this either……"

"As a member of our family, are you going to speak with optimistic observations about the future?"

"――――"

"The curse has strengthened. Even if I can imagine it strengthening further, I can't imagine it weakening or eventually disappearing. —His Excellency will deepen his loneliness."

At Whitaker's certain, quiet voice, Teriola was silenced from arguing.
Her brother's words were correct. Teriola also understood in her heart. But if she admitted that, wouldn't there be too little, too little salvation for Eugard?

The conversation by remote means through the "Conversation Mirror" was also cut off, and now that Iris, the ray of hope, could no longer get close, Eugard was truly alone.

"The curse strengthens, and loneliness deepens, is it. I see, that's right……"

While Teriola strongly clenched her hand, Whitaker, who stopped the movement of rubbing his hands, muttered so under his breath. His thread-like eyes were slightly opened, as if to see the world, or things that cannot be seen by the eye, with amber eyes he rarely showed even to his sister.

"――――"

"Brother?"

"—. Ah, no, my apologies. Anyway, we are preparing for the coronation ceremony. We have to rely on arrow letters…… old-fashioned means for exchanges with His Excellency, but let's proceed. Gather everyone."

"Yes, I understand."

Shrugging his shoulders, Teriola nodded at Whitaker, who said so in his usual tone, and left the place.
Even in an unforeseen situation, it was Whitaker's virtue to be able to set the next guideline without stopping his feet. Usually, Teriola was helped by her brother's decisiveness. —Usually.

Only at this time, a slight doubt arose in Teriola's heart.

"Backfired, he said."

After all, the suspicion that he treated Iris's "Berserker Sickness" seeking some kind of result did not disappear. If that was out of thinking for Eugard and Iris, it was fine.
But if it wasn't, that was.

Just before the last instruction, Whitaker's lips moved like a monologue.
Sadly, what did not become a sound was readable to Teriola, who was a daughter of the Goldario family. Whitaker muttered silently like this.

『I wonder what would be the most "dramatic" development right now.』

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—The day of the coronation ceremony is near.

The days proceeded slowly, slowly, and the Empire, where the "Selection Ceremony" had ended, was waiting for the moment when a new Emperor would sit on the empty throne at any moment.
That expectation could not be betrayed. There was no reason to betray it. There was no legitimacy to be made to betray it either.

Iris continued to wait pointlessly in the castle of the Musique family.

"Even though my physical condition is the best it's ever been."

While standing by the large window suitable for a large room, Iris looked at the clear sky with a hateful feeling.
In fact, her physical condition was perfectly fine. When she didn't know she was harboring "Berserker Sickness," Iris felt as if she were harboring a weight inside her body that made her feel tired at unexpected moments even when she was doing nothing, but now that has completely disappeared.
Even so, the weight that should have disappeared from inside her body has now moved to the depths of her heart.

Iris was being left in the castle under the pretext of recuperation, but what was recuperation?
Even though her body was not bad anywhere, in a room that was too large to spend time alone and was not at all calm, she didn't know what was required of her.
Even in the mansion of the Elkanthi family, Iris troubled Eugard by saying the same thing.
Even so, at that time, she could find a role that she could make an excuse for, saying it was something only she could do, which was taking care of Eugard's personal needs.

"But, then what about now……?"

What could someone like her do—?

"—Yo, you're acting like a tragic princess, aren't you?"

"——!"

Suddenly, at the voice she heard, Iris looked up as if she were repelled and widened her eyes.
In the large window in front of her, a hand equipped with sharp beast claws got caught in the window frame, and a familiar face jumped into her sight while pulling up a black giant body.
It was—,

"Vol, cas……?"

"Besides me, who else would enter your room through the window?"

"……Don't boast about that."

Iris moved aside for the opponent—Volcas—who climbed in while using foul language with a sulky face.
As he was, Volcas climbed into the room normally, and then, after glancing at Iris, who had moved aside, he grabbed her shoulder and made her turn around.

"Kya, what are you……"

"Your eyes are red. You were crying and sniveling just now, weren't you?"

"Ugh…… that, it has nothing to do with you, does it?"

"Ah? There's no way it has nothing to do with me."

Volcas looked down at her while bringing his face close. At Volcas's low voice as if intimidating her, Iris weakly looked away.
She wasn't frightened by the intimidation. She knew that there was no hostility or ill intent in this of Volcas's.
The reason Iris looked away was because his eyes were looking straight at her, and her own pathetic and weak face was reflected in those golden eyes.

"……I'm sorry. There's no way it has nothing to do with you. It's venting."

"I know that without you telling me, idiot. —My bad."

"Eh?"

"If I had been able to kill the Lord-bastard's last brother even a little sooner, I could have let you see his face, hear his voice, and let you congratulate him. That's why."

While still grabbing Iris's shoulder, Volcas said so and lowered his head. For a moment, Iris was taken aback, and realizing that he was bowing his head, she was even more taken aback.
To think that there would be a time when Volcas would bow his head and apologize to Iris like this.

"What's with that face of yours."

"I, I was surprised. ……While I didn't know, various things happened, didn't they?"

"There were no various things! The biggest thing was you and that guy's—"

"Volcas, it's not your fault at all."

"――――"

"I understand. Probably, it's not a result of something being different because the time was a little sooner or later, I think so."

Eugard's thorns and Iris's "Berserker Sickness."
If she were to say it, this was a result brought about by what became the trigger and reason for the two to meet, exchange words, and touch, and there was no fault of Volcas's there.

"Volcas, why are you here? You are the best warrior in His Excellency's army, aren't you?"

"……There are no more enemies of the Lord-bastard. There's no reason for me to be by his side. Besides"

"Besides?"

"I was worried about how you were doing. I owe you a debt."

"Such a thing, already long ago……"

Iris lowered her eyes at Volcas, who said the usual phrase quickly and in a low voice.
The debt to Iris that Volcas continued to hold indefinitely—it was difficult to express that it had been paid in full. He was her parents' killer. She didn't know what would count as having it returned.
But Volcas, at the risk of his life, with all his heart and soul, went along with the battle of Eugard that Iris had made him start, and continued to be a strength until he became Emperor.
Wouldn't that result be enough? Wouldn't it be okay to forgive Volcas with that?

"—No, I haven't returned it at all."

"――――"

Her heart, which thought so, was flatly denied by none other than Volcas.
Volcas gnashed his sharp fangs, and while still grabbing Iris's shoulder, while still touching Iris's slender body that he could easily crush with his strength, he continued.

"I told you. I owe you. A big, big debt that I can't return even if I spend my whole life. That's why……"

"Volcas……"

"That's why you can use me for the rest of your life. You can use me for anything for what you want to do, Iris……!"

Gnashing his teeth, Volcas appealed so as if spitting blood.
Being told that soul's cry of Volcas's, Iris was pierced by lightning through her entire body.
And she learned his true cry that had been contained in the exchanges to not forget the debts and favors that had been exchanged between her and Volcas until now.

Volcas had been continuing to cry out much, much more than Iris thought.

"I'm strong. But I'm not smart. I don't know what to do so that you and that guy can be like before again. Because I don't know, you and Sensei think about it. For the answer that came out from thinking, I'll do anything I can do."

Volcas bravely declared that his head was not smart.
But, at those words of Volcas's, Iris thought that was wrong.
Volcas was not smart. The one whose head was not smart was herself. That was why, unlike Volcas who could clearly decipher the wish in front of him, she was overthinking logic.

Unlike Volcas who could look for reasons not to give up, she was only looking for reasons to give up.
To the fact that she could no longer meet Eugard, she was trying to come to terms with it herself.

Iris was trying to leave that kind, "King of Thorns" alone.

"—Ah."

Tears fell from Iris's eyes and traced her cheek.
At the teardrop she was unconscious of herself, Iris caught her breath slightly. —But, it was immediately after that.

Volcas, who extended his neck, licked away the tear that traced Iris's cheek.

"――――"

The sensation of a wolfman's tongue for scraping meat from bone traced her cheek.
She almost thought her face would be peeled off from the bone of her head, and after being surprised by the sensation, she also blinked her eyes at the act itself.

"A, a, a, you, just now……"

"Ah? Because you're crying. It's natural for an adult of the pack to soothe a brat."

"Who is an adult and who is a brat! Truly, truly, you are……"

At Volcas, who acted like it was no big deal, Iris wiped her licked cheek with her palm while turning her face red, and then relaxed her shoulders.
As if confirming that, Volcas's hand also left Iris's shoulder.
Truly, to the end, this wolfman was.

"Will you truly help me with anything?"

"I'm telling you, to you—"

"You owe a big debt, right."

"Hmph."

Volcas let out a small snort and smiled while distorting the corner of his mouth. At Volcas's smile, Iris also smiled back, although weakly.
Nothing about the situation had changed. The fact that Iris's "Berserker Sickness" was healed and she could no longer escape from Eugard's binding thorns remained as it was.
Even so, she couldn't just throw everything away, so—.

"I have something I want to tell His Excellency……"

She would hit him with that with her entire existence as Iris and go to his side.
—It was when Iris decided so in her heart.

"—Iris-dono! It's terrible-moi!!"

"Sensei?"

With a voice as if shouting, Lynecke jumped into the room, forgetting even to knock. He, who had changed his complexion, looked at the figures of Iris and Volcas, who was by her side, in the room and widened his eyes, saying "Volcas!?"
But, immediately shaking his head left and right with his big nose,

"Right now, more than that…… Iris-dono, please listen calmly-moi!"

"Calm down or whatever, Sensei, you're the one who's not calm."

"Volcas, it's fine. ……Sensei, what happened?"

At Lynecke's attitude, which was not ordinary, Iris pulled Volcas back and asked so.
However, before hearing Lynecke's answer, a bad premonition tormented Iris's chest. A sensation that made her feel a chill, to Iris who had just decided to look forward.
And that sensation, regretfully, was not wrong.

"—Whitaker Goldario has started a rebellion-moi. He set fire to the detached palace where His Excellency was in the Imperial Capital, and plotted to assassinate His Excellency-moi!"

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

The Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital Lupugana is a castle built by gathering the essence of the technology and artistry of the Volakian Empire, and it is a building praised as the most beautiful castle not only in the Empire but in the world.
The Crystal Palace, which was built by using precious magic crystals abundantly, because the knowledge for its establishment has been lost, the same thing can never be built again in modern times.
Therefore—,

"During the preparations for the coronation ceremony, I had him move to the detached palace and had him targeted there. That Crystal Palace is an irreplaceable treasure of Volakia, after all."

"—. Lord Eugard is also an irreplaceable person."

"That's probably true for you. He's the gentleman you're thinking of single-mindedly. He probably seems like the only, irreplaceable, perfect partner in the world. But, then why is the 'Selection Ceremony' held?"

"――――"

"There's no such thing as an irreplaceable person. Even Lord Eugard Volakia is no exception. I thought you understood that as a member of our family too."

Being told so by Whitaker through the iron bars, Teriola in the cage looked down.
Teriola, who was forced into the prison, had lost her usual elegant grooming. Her dress was torn at the hem, her proud red hair was disheveled, and her makeup had also collapsed.
And Whitaker was looking down at such a Teriola with a cold expression.

That would be so.
After all, Teriola had interfered with Whitaker's once-in-a-lifetime big gamble.

"There's nothing more painful than being betrayed by a relative. You're a sinful woman, Teriola."

"If that's the case, I feel the same way, Brother. Lord Eugard must have also been pained in his chest by being betrayed by the partner he placed absolute trust in."

"His Excellency's chest is pained? Hey, hey, that's the best joke I've heard so far. He's been having his heart bound by thorns indefinitely since he was old enough to understand things, and yet he's a person who doesn't know pain. There's no way he would feel the pain in his chest from being betrayed by a retainer."

"Brother—!"

Grabbing the iron bars, her carefully groomed nails cracked with that force. But Teriola didn't care about that and glared at the far too cold-hearted Whitaker.
At Teriola's sharp gaze, Whitaker shrugged his shoulders slightly.

"Look at reality, Teriola. His Excellency's 'Curse of Thorns' continues to expand. It's already impossible to keep him on the Imperial throne of the Volakian Empire. Then, an alternative is needed."

"Is that for you to become the Emperor yourself!? You will only be talked about forever as a treacherous retainer who stole the throne!"

"It can't be helped. The 'Selection Ceremony' is over, and there are no alternative Imperial family members. If this were before Prince Gildeo died, he could have been set up, but that also doesn't come true. Then, according to the custom of Volakia, the one who took the Imperial throne by force becomes the next Emperor."

"From the beginning…… from the beginning, you intended to do that, didn't you?"

"――――"

Whitaker told her that it was something that couldn't be helped, but Teriola did not believe him.
Because Whitaker said it "backfired." Whitaker treated Iris's "Berserker Sickness" with a certain intent and created the current situation.
She didn't know since when. However, Whitaker had wanted this situation.

"Why……"

"That's my line, Teriola. Because you let His Excellency escape just before the assassination was carried out, an extra step was born. However, because that person is scattering thorns no matter where he goes, it's not that difficult to look for him."

"—"

Whitaker left, saying that Teriola's resistance was a trivial obstacle.
Even if she tried to snap at that back, what came out were only trivial emotional arguments, and Teriola could not prepare words to make Whitaker change his mind.
She just said as if sobbing.

"I despise you, Brother……!"

"――――"

There was no answer from Whitaker to that.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—Eugard did not notice the sign of Whitaker Goldario's rebellion at all.

That could be said to be an expression of Whitaker's thoroughness, lack of oversight, and overall high ability, but Eugard's own unworthiness was not unrelated to the factor that led to it.

No matter what kind of excuse he made, Eugard was careless.
Just before the coronation as the Volakian Emperor, his heart was shaken and was not calm. The sense of pressure from carrying a large responsibility and the sense of loss from losing the support that should have been there.
No matter how much he tried to disguise his heart as steel, it was a gap that could not be completely hidden.

"If it weren't for Teriola's help, by now, is it."

Just before the fire was set to the detached palace, Teriola rushed to Eugard's side while suffering from the binding thorns and helped him escape from the Imperial Capital.
How much suffering that was, how much heartache she felt while making that decision, Eugard could imagine it, but he couldn't understand it in the true sense.

Neither the pain of having his heart bound, nor the pain of betraying a precious relative.

"They're skilled."

Escaping from the detached palace, escaping from those who were chasing him under Whitaker's instructions, and continuing to choose to escape from places where people were, before he knew it, Eugard was in the forest.
Running through the path with bad footing in the forest outside the walls of the Imperial Capital, Eugard perceived the existence of the pursuers who were keeping him in their consciousness.
Appropriately, the ones who were chasing him from outside the range of Eugard's binding thorns were probably the top-tier warriors of the Empire—the "Nine Divine Generals," the nine strongest warriors of the Empire appointed by the previous Emperor, Radokain Volakia.

Originally, the "Nine Divine Generals" should have been released from their duties with the passing of the previous Emperor, but they must have been called back to the Imperial Capital just before the coronation of the next Emperor.
Whitaker made them follow him and made them assassins to finish off Eugard.

"He's thorough. I was saved by that competence many times, but this time it's troublesome."

If he didn't make them allies, he couldn't win the "Selection Ceremony," and if he let them be taken by the enemy, he would be decided to be defeated without a battle. Because it was the Goldario family with such recognition, he was convinced of the troublesomeness when they turned into enemies.
What was truly surprising was that this rebellion was probably not something planned meticulously.

"I don't think there was a lie in your devotion until now."

The change in Eugard's thorns, the rebellion because he could no longer tolerate it.
Comparing Whitaker's work until now and the current situation, Eugard speculated so. Or this might also be Eugard's misjudgment, and Whitaker might have been aiming for this moment with eagle eyes.

"Is that your 'dramatic' without mistake?"

The value that Whitaker held dear, which Eugard could not understand.
Was this also an action in accordance with that? As a result of causing it, a difference of opinion arose between him and his sister Teriola, and the two.

"I hope Teriola is safe."

Since she cooperated with Eugard, the hostility between Teriola and Whitaker was clear.
When slipping out of the detached palace, Teriola, who helped him, saw Eugard off stoutly while floating greasy sweat in pain. After that, it was certain that she fell into Whitaker's hands, but would Whitaker's coldness be directed even at his sister?

He didn't know. Thinking about it might be useless.
In the first place, why was Eugard running? —Wasn't Whitaker's judgment a rational one to protect the Volakian Empire?

"――――"

Stopping his feet that stepped on the overgrown grass, Eugard looked down at his hands.

—The "King of Thorns" is not suitable for the Imperial throne of Volakia.
That was the answer that Eugard himself had been putting out as an unshakeable conclusion since he was old enough to discern things, considering his placed position and circumstances.

Because of Iris's existence, for her future peace, Eugard overturned that conclusion.
However, now that the danger of the "King of Thorns" had expanded and its threat had become much stronger than before, could Eugard put out the same answer with his chest out to the same question?

"Rather, should I surrender to Whitaker and tell him my true intention?"

What he sought from Whitaker was the stability of the Empire and the lifelong safety of Iris. Amnesty for the penal squad that cooperated with Eugard and did extraordinary work in the "Selection Ceremony," and giving appropriate rewards and status to Volcas who led it. Forgiving Teriola who cooperated in Eugard's escape and not harming her either.
Regarding the dismantling of the Elkanthi family, because it was unavoidable to completely end Eugard's existence with defeat, he had no choice but to overlook it.
If those requirements were met—,

"――――"

Surrendering in this place and submitting to Whitaker also didn't seem out of the question.
Or the settlement of Eugard committing suicide after making Whitaker promise in some way.
That also seemed like the most rational and correct judgment.

"No matter how much I plan countermeasures, I don't think it's best for the current me to be on the throne."

The extremely natural answer that everyone besides Eugard might have noticed.
Finally reaching that, Eugard let out a small breath. Vainly disturbing the governance of the Empire, Eugard would let go of everything just before the coronation ceremony.
It was the custom of Volakia, but with this, it was as if he had been struggling to cut off the blood of the successive Volakian Imperial family here, and it was far too pathetic.
Even so—,

"—O my star, if only you could have happiness."

If only that could come true, there would be meaning in the actions Eugard Elkanthi had done.

Behind his closed eyelids, Iris's smile, her angry face, her shy face, floated and disappeared. Her voice was heard, her scent was felt, and her body temperature was remembered.
Clearly, clearly, it was remembered.

Iris, from whom he had been separated since the "Selection Ceremony" began, and with whom he missed the opportunity to touch when the "Selection Ceremony" ended, and with whom he could not achieve a single reunion, was so clearly.

"No, this is far too—"

Clearly, it was being felt too clearly.
Yes, it was when Eugard opened his closed eyelids and recognized reality.

"—Excellency."

"—. Impossible."

The voice that shouldn't be heard, the body temperature that shouldn't be felt, the face that shouldn't be seen.
That, everything that Eugard's soul sought and never stopped seeking, was standing in front of him.

Iris, who shouldn't be there, was taking Eugard's hand and smiling.

"Why…… why are you here?"

"Don't say strange things. It is my role to support Your Excellency by your side."

"But…… but!"

It wasn't a fake. It wasn't a deception or an illusion.
In front of Eugard, the real Iris pouted her lips like that. At that beloved gesture, voice, and figure, however, an alarm bell rang in Eugard's head.
A reunion that must not be. An encounter that must not be.

"What a reckless thing…… my thorns will……"

Bind you, make you suffer, and distance you.
Or did Iris also rush here while being prepared for even that, as Teriola did? While desperately enduring the pain, while stoutly making a smile, for the unworthy Eugard.
Yes, Eugard's trembling blue eyes looked at Iris—,

"Do I look like I'm pushing myself?"

Saying so, in Iris's face as she softly lowered her eyes, he couldn't find the color of pain.
Eugard looked at Iris closely in amazement, intending to find it if she were hiding even a single hangnail. —But, there was none.
Iris was escaping from the binding thorns again while touching Eugard.

"Why is it that you……"

"It's the power of love."

"Love, you say……"

"Can't you believe it? Or, after all, don't you understand how I think of Your Excellency?"

"――――"

Being told in a firm voice, being asked so, Eugard closed his mouth.
How Iris thought of Eugard. He had never heard that answer clearly from Iris. Eugard also had expectations. He had them, but they weren't certainty.
What he could have certainty about was only that he wasn't hated—.

"I love Your Excellency."

Frustratingly, as if she couldn't stand it, Iris declared so, and she put her arms around Eugard's neck, pulled him close, and stole his lips.

"――――"

Eugard's and Iris's lips overlapped, and the existences of the two intersected.
By words, by actions, by way of being, Iris showed her feelings to Eugard.
Then, what should Eugard do?

"—My star."

The lips of the two separated, and with Iris, who had slightly reddish cheeks, close by, Eugard clearly called her so.
The called Iris looked at him. In those eyes, Eugard's face was reflected. —How cashy, the face of a man who regained his spirit was there.
And—,

"—I shall become the Emperor."

Saying so, Eugard's hand drew the crimson "Yang Sword" from the empty sheath.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"—You have done well."

The crimson treasure sword was swung, and the body that received the slash diagonally burned up all at once.
While being wrapped in flames all over his body, the twin-sword warrior still tried to release a sword strike, but the scorching flames had burned away those twin swords before the man's life.
As he was, the man's body turned into black charcoal and disappeared as dust.

That was the end of the top-tier swordsman of the Empire, the head of the "Nine Divine Generals."

"Well, well…… you are an outrageous person."

Seeing that heroic end, Whitaker, who lost all of his allies, looked at Eugard, who held the "Yang Sword," while breathing desperately in pain.

Whitaker Goldario's rebellion, his battle that he started with the resolve of being called the "Thief Emperor," ended in this way with Eugard's counterattack.
Because Eugard, who once escaped from the Imperial Capital, returned, and with the "Yang Sword" in one hand, he struck down those who followed Whitaker one after another and achieved the recapture of the throne.

"To think that even the 'Nine Divine Generals' would be annihilated, it's out of the ordinary."

"If we're going to start saying that, I think your eloquence, which made all of the 'Nine Divine Generals' your allies, should be praised as such instead."

"It's not that difficult. Everyone just objected to Your Excellency…… the 'King of Thorns' becoming the Emperor."

"—. That would be so. Your thinking is correct."

"No? The winning Excellency is correct, and we who lost are wrong. That is the iron-blooded law of this Empire."

Placing his hand on his chest, Whitaker, who opened his thin eyes, smiled ironically.
At those words, Eugard closed his eyes, recognized that it was the unshakeable value of this Empire, and nodded that Whitaker fought to prove his correctness and accepted defeat and wrongness.

"It's a pity to lose you. Is there anything you want to leave behind?"

"Don't say such careless things…… what would you do if I said I'll change my mind and serve you, so please let me serve Your Excellency again."

"I feel it's truly a pity, but that's impossible."

"Haha, that's right. That's how it should be."

Laughing, and then Whitaker took a large breath and exhaled.
In that one breath that didn't even last a few seconds, this clever man worked his head in various ways,

"First, the Goldario family will be dismantled. Our family's successive family business will be cut off, but as long as the 'Selection Ceremony' continues, a promise will probably be born in a different form. The soldiers who followed me should follow if you call for surrender. Also, it's not useful for the current dialogue with Your Excellency, but there are some spares of the 'Conversation Mirror,' so I leave the usage to you. Also, I wanted to suggest it after Your Excellency ascended the Imperial throne, but the management of the water source in the northern part of the Imperial Capital should be thorough. That will likely submerge the Imperial Capital in water before long."

"To think that they would come out one after another, thinking it's the last. But I have understood the details."

"That's good. Ah, also, regarding Teriola……"

"Teriola saved me. If there is something I have to give to Teriola, it is gratitude, not a blade."

"—. Can you tell her just one more thing?"

Being told that he had no intention of punishing Teriola, Whitaker was relieved. Eugard narrowed his eyes, thinking that the one sentence added at the end must have been his true intention.
To the end, he was a man who wanted to hide his true feelings, Eugard thought so while Whitaker,

"That I didn't intend to do this from the beginning."

"—. Is that enough?"

"That will be conveyed. Teriola is a clever sister, after all."

In that mutter, for the first time, Whitaker's certain emotion seeped through and was heard.
Feeling that, Eugard nodded. Exhaling a long breath, Whitaker slowly knelt on one knee on the spot, bowed his head, and offered his neck to Eugard.

"Our family is the Goldario family that lurks in the shadow of history…… to think that I would leave my name in Imperial history as a treacherous retainer, it's truly causal and 'dramatic'."

"Whitaker Goldario, you have done well. —I praise your devotion until now."

The expression of Whitaker, who offered his neck, was not visible.
But, while being certain that he was smiling, Eugard swung the treasure sword.

—The rebellion of the "Thief Emperor" Whitaker Goldario was settled with that.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—An old tale tells.

It is the story of a lone King and a single girl's encounter.
A story of how a King who was alone met a girl and was alone no longer.

Thus, the story of the lone King and the single girl.
Everything was a memory like a blink of an eye, everything was passionate like a fire that burns everything, everything was vivid enough to be exchanged for everything, and it is a story that continues to the future after dedicating everything.

A story of a King and a girl that continues to remain as a strong, strong fire in people's hearts for a long time.
It is the conclusion of the ancient story that contained the unrecorded history of the recorded story.

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—The throne room of the Crystal Palace in the Imperial Capital Lupugana.

While the red carpet was laid out and the national flag with the "Sword-Wolf" that had continued to watch the turbulent Empire since the era of its establishment watched over, Eugard Volakia was inaugurated as the sixty-first Emperor.
The crown, the proof of the Emperor, was placed on Eugard's head from the girl's hand, and he sat on the throne with dignity, and the ceremony was completed.
Iris, who fulfilled the role of witnessing that, clapped her hands with all her might and blessed the birth of Emperor Eugard Volakia.

The applause that echoed was that of only Iris alone, who could be in that place.
While conducting the loneliest coronation ceremony in the world in the throne room where only Eugard and Iris were present, however, there was no shadow in the expressions of the two.

"Congratulations, Excellency."

"That's right. I don't know if it's a celebratory thing, but I've accomplished it. —No, it's from here."

"—. Yes."

Wiping away the tears that slightly floated in the corners of her eyes, Iris nodded to Eugard.
After finishing a big battle and finishing the painful battle after that, Eugard sat on the throne. But as he said, this was only the beginning.

The wishes and plans that Eugard decided to fulfill and that became the driving force until today can finally be moved from now that he sat in this place.
And, of the various things he decided to do, at the very first, Eugard desired.

"My star…… no, Iris."

"Yes, Excellency."

"—I want to welcome you as my wife."

"――――"

"There are about a hundred and fourteen reasons. I shall tell them one by one."

"I don't need that much explanation. ……Please tell me only one, the biggest one."

Eugard, who was about to enter the explanation without stagnation, blinked at those words of Iris's.
But that was also for a moment.

"I love you. Therefore, I want you to become my wife."

"—Yes!"

Gradually, tears floated in her round eyes, and Iris answered Eugard's courtship so. The moment he saw that smile, Eugard pulled Iris's hand and took her into his chest.
And he lifted her chin and exchanged a kiss.

It was a moment when the feelings of the lone King and the single girl, whom no one was watching, bore fruit.
Only the national flag of the Volakian Empire, the wolf pierced by a sword, fluttering in the slight wind, was watching that.
And—,

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

The coronation ceremony ended, and the sixty-first Emperor Eugard Volakia was born.

The sight of that ceremony was not shared with anyone, but the fact of the inauguration itself was immediately reported to the surroundings, to the Imperial Capital, and to the entire Empire, and this "Selection Ceremony" reached its complete end.
The fact that the prince who participated in the "Selection Ceremony" became the last one, and the rebellion that occurred just before the coronation ceremony for the inauguration—the fact that Eugard suppressed it himself was also widely publicized.

The Goldario family, who active in the shadow of history and left their name as a grand rebel at the end.
But if Whitaker had lived, he would have used the fact of the rebellion to further increase Eugard's authority.
Surely, it can be said to be a settlement that seems like this is the right thing.

Of course, even if Eugard was able to safely inaugurate as Emperor, problems are piled up.
As usual, Eugard's power of thorns has not weakened, and the situation where the "Conversation Mirror" cannot be used and the situation where others cannot get close within several hundred meters have not changed.
Even under such restrictions, he must organize the situation so that Eugard can conduct political affairs without delay as Emperor.
Ironically, it can be said that the fact that Whitaker, who was the most reliable in such things, was gone was a big blow to the Eugard administration.

However, the biggest problem in the Eugard administration was not Whitaker's absence.
That was—,

"Cough, hack."

Upon returning to her room, Iris put her hand to her mouth and coughed loudly.
The coughing did not stop for a while, and she fell to her knees, unable to endure it. She continued to cough many times like that, and finally settled down after dozens of seconds had passed.
Settling down, she looked at her hand. —Her palm was smeared red with blood.

"Iris-dono, you're pushing yourself too much-moi."

Suddenly, the one who spoke to her was Lynecke, who crouched by her side.
The coughing didn't stop, and he had been stroking Iris's back as she fell to her knees. Realizing that she hadn't even noticed that consideration, Iris made a smile as much as she could,

"I, I'm fine. Pushing myself, not at all, not at all."

"Spitting blood and saying you're not pushing yourself, that's impossible-moi! ……After all, you should stop this method-moi. Rather than Lord Eugard, Iris-dono is……"

"Truly, I'm not pushing myself, Sensei. If it's for that person."

Wiping her blood-stained lips with the back of her hand, Lynecke had no words for Iris, who answered so.
Looking at Lynecke, who blamed himself, Iris strongly realized that she had taken advantage of his guilt and created this situation.

—On that day, while Eugard was rebelled against by Whitaker and the Empire was shaken by the possibility of an unprecedented political change, Iris was forced to make a big decision.

At that moment, her head worked at a speed that would never work normally, and Iris envisioned Eugard accepting Whitaker's blade of rebellion and meeting death.
Eugard, who thought that his influence as the "King of Thorns" had expanded and would interfere with his political affairs as Emperor, has no choice but to choose death to retire even from the situation where he had finished the "Selection Ceremony."
Originally, if it weren't for Iris, Eugard was a selfless person who would have declined the "Selection Ceremony" and only desired the safety of his territory.
The future of him accepting the blade was clearly visible to Iris—.

"Such a thing, no……"

Eugard loses his life.
Just by imagining that, Iris felt the blood in her entire body turn cold.
To think that the person she loved would disappear, that fact was an event that would cast a big, big shadow on the world.
But it wasn't just that.

This world should not lose Eugard Elkanthi.
Eugard is a person with excellent abilities and a personality that everyone should respect, and by him sitting on the Imperial throne, various things in the Volakian Empire should change in a good direction.
Iris, who lived in the Elkanthi territory, can guarantee it. Eugard's power, which brought the Elkanthi territory together as such a good place, can also bring a good influence to the entire Empire.

So, so, so—,

"—Sensei, I have a request."

"Moi……?"

"I also looked into 'Berserker Sickness.' The herbs used to cure the disease…… Sensei, you can use them in other ways too, right?"

"That is…… moi!? No way!"

"What is it!? Hey, you, what are you thinking!"

At the way Iris started the conversation, the clever Lynecke widened his eyes. By his side, Volcas, who supported Iris, raised his voice seeking an explanation.
Overlapping her hand on Volcas's hand that supported her, Iris declared.

"I don't care what happens to my body. —Please, make me able to touch that person once again."

—And what she made Lynecke decoct was a medicinal broth that pseudo-reproduced "Berserker Sickness."

By drinking that, while putting a great burden on her body, Iris can interact with Eugard by her side while blocking pain above a certain level just like before.
But the great burden it puts will surely, intensely wear down Iris's mind and body.

"It's not something like a medicinal broth-moi. I am…… what I am decocting is poison-moi."

"Sensei……"

Iris looked painfully at Lynecke, who trembled his shoulders and shed tears of regret.
The one who made him make such a face and continued to make him carry regret was Iris. Realizing that she was making him go along with her far too cruel selfishness, Iris opened her mouth to say something—,

"—You, don't apologize."

A rough voice fell from above her head, and then Iris's body was picked up.
The one who did that was an arm covered in sturdy beast hair, and its owner was the partner who knew that Iris was spitting blood in her room.

"If you're here, it's strange. You, to the next 'Nine Divine Generals'……"

"I won't. I'm not following the Empire. I'm following you."

"――――"

"I told the Emperor-bastard so too. That guy said he didn't mind."

Saying so bluntly, the black wolfman let out a growl whose emotion was unreadable.
If that was anger, where was that spearhead directed? If that was sadness, where was it directed after all?

"I don't know what I should do for you."

"There's no need to know. Here, it's water."

She was made to sit on the bed, and a cup with water was handed to her. Swallowing the water that tasted like blood, Iris let out a deep breath and smiled with a face that had lost its color.

"Yeah, I've become energetic. I'm already perfectly, perfectly fine."

"—. Listen, the coronation ceremony is over. With this, no one will come out to make trivial interference with the Emperor-bastard. I won't say the thread-eyed bastard is trivial, but that's why."

"—. No, I won't stop."

"—Tch, why! Why are you……!"

"……I want to be by His Excellency's side."

To Volcas, who raised his voice and sincerely worried about Iris's mind and body, Iris answered so.
It was Iris's selfishness that had no legitimacy, no consideration for the future of the Volakian Empire, or for Volcas and Lynecke who knew the circumstances.

Because a single woman named Iris wanted to be by the side of the man she loved, Eugard.
Just for that, while shaving her life, while hurting the people who were good to her, and above all, while deceiving the man she loved, she continued to drink poison.

"Please despise me. Sensei, too, if you just tell me how to decoct it, already……"

"This is!"

"――――"

"This is a medicine that is difficult to handle-moi. Even if I tell you, it's not something you can make-moi. Above all, I have a responsibility for having responded to the request, moi……"

Painfully, yet without letting go of the responsibility, Lynecke refused Iris's proposal.
Lowering her eyes at Lynecke's words, Iris then looked at Volcas. Seeking punishment for her decision in those golden eyes of the wolfman, Iris.

"I won't leave you. Remember that."

"—. Stubborn."

"Are you one to talk, idiot."

Being told the gentlest insult ever in a quiet voice, Iris laughed a little.
Like that, Iris slipped into the bed she was sitting on and rested. She wanted to preserve her physical strength as much as possible. —She couldn't use her time for anything other than interacting with Eugard.

While she was awake, while she was sleeping, whether she was asleep or awake, she was only thinking about Eugard.
Passionately like a maiden in love with love, but not with a dreaming feeling like a maiden in love with love.

"Lord Eugard, I, you"

—Iris fell in love with the "King of Thorns" at the risk of her life.

"I love you."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—That day, it was as if the long rain that continued until yesterday was a lie, the sky cleared up, and it made one think that the stars that couldn't shine for a while would emit full light at night.

He didn't hate stars.
No matter where he went, no matter what he was doing, if he looked up at the sky at night, the stars were there. There was a feeling of being saved by something that stayed that way without changing.
Even the sun rises and sets, and even the moon waxes and wanes.
The stars don't have that. That's why he liked stars.

There was a woman he called "my star."
He had never thought that he would call a woman such a thing. How thick-skinned would one have to be to be able to call someone like that and stay calm?
It's impossible for him. He can't do it. But he understood the feeling of wanting to call her so.

Whether strong or weak, man or woman, human or demi-human, it's scary to walk in the dark.
Stars are guideposts. A guidepost that saves oneself from things that are so scary that one can't stand it.

So, her existence was a star for him too.

"—"

His heart was pained enough to burst, and Volcas suppressed a groan in the back of his throat.
The sensation of the source of life being pierced by the binding thorns, the untouchable thorns, was a pain that made his thoughts almost explode even for Volcas, who was praised as the top-tier warrior of the Empire.
But however, that unbearable pain was nothing compared to the sensation of his heart turning cold and breaking into pieces.

"—You're an idiot."

Suppressing the groan, yet the true intention he couldn't suppress leaked from his mouth.
At the feet of the crouching Volcas, there was the figure of a woman lying in a pool of blood.
Soft flaxen hair, and a childish face with makeup that didn't suit her to hide the badness of her complexion. With this slender body, she was a woman who endured pain and acted stoutly by drinking poison.

Iris, who fell with a face that had lost its color, Volcas was holding her.
The cause of that loss of color was in the sharp wound from Iris's back to her chest. Gouged from her back by a sharp blade, her light of life was extinguished. —No, it wasn't a blade.
The one that gouged her heart, which was bound by thorns, was a beast's claw.

In the hand opposite the one that embraced Iris's body, a small, far too light source of life was placed.

"……Why."

Weakly, a thin man's voice reached him, mingling with the wind of the Crystal Palace's garden.
The two had an appointment to meet here. In the midst of daily political affairs, to spend time together at least once a day, the Emperor and the Imperial Consort spend their time here, a time for a meeting that no one interferes with.
There, seeing the black beast that shouldn't be there and the sight that shouldn't be there, the man—Eugard Volakia—widened his blue eyes and stood still.

The word "why" contained various doubts.
And in the same way, various answers could be returned to those doubts.

He had thought about it many times.
If he were to put his claws on someone, wouldn't it be Eugard instead of Iris?
Doing so seemed much, much more in accordance with his own feelings.

But, however, in the midst of changing from the leader of a small pack to the leader of a large pack, he understood the indispensability of Eugard's existence, who led a larger pack.
As Iris said, Eugard cannot be taken from the Volakian Empire.
After Eugard's death, the Empire will be rough, disordered, and everything will be ruined.

That is something that neither he, nor Iris, nor Eugard, nor anyone else involved would want.
So, he couldn't make that choice. He didn't.
Instead, he did this.

There are only two ways for her to not have to drink poison while suffering.
The reason for drinking poison disappears, or she becomes unable to drink poison.
For that—,

"――――"

Opening his mouth wide, he dropped the source of life that was too light on his hand into it.
Eating the thing that tasted like blood, swallowing it, settling it in his stomach, while staining his black beast hair with the blood she shed, he slowly stood up while holding her slender body and met the other's eyes.

If he lost Iris, Eugard might become self-destructive.
To postpone that moment even a little, Iris continued to shave her life and smile. He ended that by his own discretion. He had a plan to make him continue.

Be angry, be angry, be angry, be angry, "King of Thorns."
That anger—.

"Why."

"It's the nature of a wolfman. Since I was first shown mercy, I've been aiming for this moment, idiot."

"Volcas—!!"

Mocking with blood-stained fangs, a sword wind approached immediately after he spoke.
The divine "Yang Sword" drawn from the empty sheath approached while carrying heat enough to burn the world to ashes, and Volcas met it by putting strength into the arm that embraced Iris.
But his proud beast claws that could even cut through iron could not withstand even one clash of the Imperial treasure of Volakia, and his fingers were blown away, his wrist was severed, and his right arm was slashed off at the elbow.
And the true threat of the "Yang Sword" Volakia displayed its power there.

"—"

Faster than feeling the pain of his slashed arm, Volcas's vision was dyed bright red.
The wound burned up starting from the slash, and the jet-black wolfman was wrapped in flames all over his body, and his breathing was cut off.
In the midst of the raging flames, Volcas looked down at Iris, whom he embraced in his left arm, and seeing that the flames had no influence on her body at all, he was amazed that it was an out-of-the-ordinary sword.

He was amazed, and his consciousness was about to be burned out, but he couldn't give up yet.
After this, there was still something he had to do.

—Volcas had valued the pack.
The pack meant everything that he belonged to. That was the Volakian Empire, the Elkanthi army, the comrades like Lynecke, and being a wolfman.
Those were the first reasons for Volcas when he judged things.

He would change the priority he had until now.
He had prioritized the pack above all else. —He decided to prioritize the "star" above that.

"Don't think it's over with this."

While being burned, using the few breaths remaining in his lungs, Volcas looked at Eugard standing on the other side of the curtain of fire and declared.
Volcas, who was burned by the flames of the "Yang Sword" and whose soul was being burned out by the unextinguishable flames, would be judged to be making excuses no matter what he said. But even so, Eugard could not interrupt the words of the dying. He knew he was such a "King of Thorns."

"If you kill me, you will be hated. My, other compatriots', fangs will, you……"

"Now, such a thing—"

On the other side of the curtain of fire, Eugard's expression distorted painfully, and his words were cut off.
The impulse to emotionally explode and shout at Volcas might have passed through him. But he suppressed that impulse and,

"If your malice relies on your compatriots and they try to target the Empire, let them come as much as they want. With my hands, I shall surely eradicate that evil heart."

"……Hmph."

Volcas laughed as he heard Eugard say so as if squeezing it out.
A way of saying that was rational and Emperor-like even though he had just become Emperor. But if it were the usual Eugard, he would have needed a persistent dialogue to swing his blade.
He skipped that step and swung the "Yang Sword" at Volcas.

"You were also just a man, weren't you."

Seeing Eugard, who was not rational at Iris's death, he muttered so.
He gave him a reason to live. He left things for him to do while alive. He felt sorry for prioritizing the star and involving the unrelated pack of "wolfmen," but he did not regret it.
After that, at most,

"You, come slowly."

Because only while he was being scolded for doing such a thing on his own, he could have her all to himself.

—That was the choice of Volcas, the wolfman who loved the girl who loved the "King of Thorns."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

If there was one miscalculation for Volcas, it was that Eugard Volakia loved Iris as just a man more than he imagined.

Unable to watch Iris continue to suffer, Volcas cut off that reason from the root.
And he newly gave Eugard the way of being that Iris desired even while drinking poison, in his own way, and tried to save the Volakian Empire from destruction.

He tried to do so by giving him a reason to live.
That目論見 bore fruit, but the way it was tied was different from Volcas's expectation.

Eugard made Iris's death and the fact that that death was brought by Volcas public.
On top of that, he ordered to capture and execute the wolfmen and molemen of the same tribe as Volcas who cooperated in that murder without leaving any.
If that act of leaving it to anger became the reason for Eugard to continue to be in power, Volcas's目論見 could be said to be successful. In fact, that was half-correct and half-wrong.

The fact that Eugard issued a fierce decree against the wolfmen and molemen was as Volcas intended, but the fact that it was not left to anger was the miscalculation.

Eugard did not order the extermination of the tribes just because of anger.
Using the lives of those people, he bound his beloved star so that she would not perish even after death.
And the reason Eugard did that was—,

"—Excellency, there is a curse called 'Soul Marriage Curse'."

So, by the side of Eugard, who was unable to move by the side of Iris placed in the coffin, it was Teriola, who had cut her long red hair short, who spoke to him.

Because of Whitaker Goldario's rebellion, the Goldario family was dismantled, and Teriola, who was a survivor, had no choice but to throw away the Goldario family name.
Therefore, she expressed her intention to part with her former self with that haircut.

While obtaining the opportunity to change her way of life, Teriola was still serving Eugard.
Gathering the Shinobi who served the Goldario family, she showed an attitude of submission that she would continue to cooperate in Eugard's Imperial governance.

She told Eugard, who was lingering by the coffin, as mentioned at the beginning.
When Eugard's gaze was directed at the word he had never heard of, Teriola narrowed her almond-shaped eyes and, for a moment, harbored a painful look there.
But that emotion was wiped away by a blink, and she said.

"That is a technique to bind and stay the soul of the dead to that land without letting it get lost in the corridor. If it gets lost in the corridor and passes through, the soul will be bleached. But……"

"—. What meaning is there in that."

"Iris-sama has passed away."

"――――"

"But, it might be possible to avoid the disappearance of that soul and be reborn while strongly leaving that person's shadow."

There was nothing joking in Teriola's voice, nor was there any madness in it.
Flatly, just like when she had served him until now, she was speaking in a voice to let Eugard judge the information she had learned, without any lies.

"……'Soul Marriage Curse'. It's like the wording of the Witch Cult that prays for the salvation of the Witch's soul."

"The point that the one whose salvation is prayed for is not the Witch, but Iris-sama, is different. ……Excellency, please stand up once again. For that purpose."

"For that purpose?"

"Or so that Your Excellency can reunite with Iris-sama once again, I shall take all the measures I can. The sixty-first Imperial throne is Your Excellency's. Please, please."

In Teriola's words, a lament as if praying or clinging was contained.
She also lost her brother and the history of the family that continued for a long time because of the "Selection Ceremony." If Eugard fell here, even what she lost would be made meaningless.
For that purpose, Teriola was so desperate. —There, he finally noticed.

"You, how are you standing?"

In the cathedral, Teriola was standing in front of Eugard, who was lingering by the side of the coffin. Seeing that there was no color of pain in that beautiful face, Eugard was suspicious.
As usual, the effect of the binding thorns has not weakened. Those who approach Eugard are hurt. Now that Iris is gone, there are no exceptions.

"I drank poison."

To that question of Eugard's, Teriola answered.
That she drank poison. Delayed in understanding what that meant, Eugard blinked his eyes.

"It's something that makes me lose the sensation of my body for a while. If I have this, I can be by Your Excellency's side."

"Why, to do so much……"

"Because it is necessary. —For Your Excellency to leave an heir."

"――――"

The assertion of the one who made up her mind, Eugard, who was told so, caught his breath. At that reaction of Eugard's, Teriola lowered her eyes and placed her hand on her chest.
Without exception, while having her heart bound by the untouchable thorns, she distanced that suffering with poison and declared the reason for doing so with great resolve.

"In Imperial history, there were times when the Volakian Emperor did not have a child only with the woman he truly loved. Lake Penelope in the eastern part of the Imperial Capital was named after the woman the past Emperor loved. There was no child with that person…… Excellency, please do the same."

"Teriola."

"What is necessary is the intention to continue the Volakian Empire to posterity. Affection is unnecessary there. Please pour all of Your Excellency's affection into Iris-sama."

"――――"

"Instead, women will give birth to princes who can become the next Emperor by drinking poison. First, before anyone else, I will."

Drinking poison, enduring thorns, giving birth to a child, and succeeding the Empire.
While serving so much, Teriola did not want love and told him to dedicate it to Iris. She even made the resolve to carry a heroic curse, saying she would create the reason to live.

At those words of Teriola's, Eugard closed his eyes.
Behind his eyelids, many expressions of Iris, who was sleeping quietly in the coffin, floated and disappeared.
And—,

"I shall consider your proposal carefully. But I shall not let you carry the responsibility for the 'Soul Marriage Curse'. That is exactly as you said."

"――――"

"If a curse is to be created with love, I must carry that responsibility. It is about me and Iris. —You and Volcas, do not interfere."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"……Why did you hide me-moi?"

"It was out of necessity. Neither you nor Volcas-sama consulted me at all about Iris-sama……"

"—. I'm sorry-moi."

"No, it was a futile thing. There was no way you could trust me, the sister of the brother who did such a thing."

"What did Lord Eugard say?"

"……That he would carry it himself. I wasn't even allowed to carry the luggage."

"That, I think that's different-moi."

"Is that so? I am not allowed to share anything with the people I love. Neither my brother, nor you all…… nor Iris-sama, nor Lord Eugard."

"――――"

"Soon, a notice will go around the Empire. The purge of wolfmen and molemen will begin……"

"I have no words to apologize to my compatriots-moi. But both I and Volcas chose-moi. Rather than the pack, Iris-sama and Lord Eugard."

"……How much poison can you prepare?"

"I'll make as much as I can-moi. Even after moving to the hiding place Teriola-dono prepared…… Lake Violane."

"Please. That place…… that's right. Let's build a prison for criminals as a place where it wouldn't be thought strange even if there were frequent entries and exits. It will be a blindfold."

"……Teriola-dono."

"Yes, what is it?"

"Did you tell His Excellency your feelings-moi?"

"That I adore him?"

"Moi."

"You must be joking. —Even if I am the sister of the 'Thief Emperor', I also have the pride of a woman who does not become a thief."

"—I see, moi."

"Yes, that's right. —Please be well, Lynecke-sama."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—An old tale tells.

It is the story of a lone King and a single girl's encounter.
A story of how a King who was alone met a girl and was alone no longer.

Thus, the paths of the "King of Thorns" and the girl were parted.
In that way, the girl was lost, and the King who was no longer alone became alone once again.

The wolf who ate the girl's life and the mole who made the girl drink poison were chased from the Empire.
The reciter who led the King fell to the flames, and the wise woman who desired to support the King gave birth to the next Emperor.

The history of the country of the sword-wolf continues.

The King who chose to continue spent his life correctly in the detached palace.
The wolf waited pointlessly for the person he was waiting for in the corridor, and the mole continued to make poison and medicine on the island of the sword.
The wise woman fell ill early due to the influence of the poison and told the King her feelings for the first time before she passed away.

The "King of Thorns" lived through and died alone until the end, without cursing anyone other than himself.
And—,

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

"——I am"

A long, long time had passed.
Enough years for the soul that should have ended to be washed and sprout as a new life.

The moment she remembered the shape of her soul, who she was, her physical body caught up with it.
Once, many decades ago, she was called Iris in this land.

She understands in her soul the reason why she, who was called Iris, was resurrected.
How much sacrifice there was for this soul to continue to be "Iris."

"Volcas, Sensei, Whitaker-san, Teriola-san……"

Those who have already been lost at the end of a long time.
The people who were involved in creating the situation for her to continue to be "Iris" like this.
And—,

"—Lord Eugard."

On the mountain, while being blown by the wind and looking down at the ground below, the girl who remembered being Iris covered her face and shed tears incessantly.
With her selfishness at that time, how much blood was shed and how many lives were lost?
After she passed away, how much lonely time did he spend?

Even so, the proof that Eugard Volakia loved Iris was there.

"……The star-shaped city."

The Volakian Empire, the Imperial Capital Lupugana.
The city that was remade during the reign of the sixty-first Emperor, Eugard Volakia, its castle walls have five vertices, in the shape of a star.

The Emperor who was called the "King of Thorns" yet was said to be selfless and devoted himself to the Empire.
The star-shaped castle walls that the Emperor remade as his only wish in his life—.

The proof that Eugard has not forgotten his star.

"It's no good like this."

Wiping her tears, the girl who was once Iris stood up.
Inside her chest, the soul that continues to assert its existence is bound to the earth, and many times, many times, it will allow her to continue to stay, for the reason of the dedicated substitute.
That forgiveness is unnecessary. He is not in this place.

So—,

"I have to look for it……"

The way to untie the binding that binds her to this earth.
The history of sacrifice to create the sacrifice to not send Iris's soul to the corridor, which has continued indefinitely since that era of lamentation.
She must end it as the last person of that era.

"—Because I am his star."

　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　△▼△▼△▼△

—An old tale tells.

It is the story of a lone King and a single girl's encounter.
A story of how a King who was alone met a girl and was alone no longer.

Everything was a memory like a blink of an eye, everything was passionate like a fire that burns everything, everything was vivid enough to be exchanged for everything, and it is a story that continues to the future after dedicating everything.

A story of a King and a girl that continues to remain as a strong, strong fire in people's hearts for a long time.
It is the ancient story that contained the unrecorded history of the recorded story.