Arc 9 Chapter 22: "How to End a Fight"

—The first time she'd heard Old Man Rom's plan, something about it had caught, if only slightly.

"Listen well, Felt. If you fall into enemy hands, our defeat is sealed... naturally, but the enemy will aim for exactly that, since it's the easiest victory condition to achieve."

"I'm the head of this side. I'm not gonna throw a tantrum like I can't follow that logic, but if you're telling me to just sit in the back or some corner and space out watching, I'm turning you down."

—

At the mere suggestion of a position guaranteed to set off an explosion of complaints, Felt let out a hissing growl, and Old Man Rom, wearing a look of defeat, patted his bald head.

That troubled expression and gesture were familiar to Felt, and she knew perfectly well that Old Man Rom wasn't actually as troubled as he looked when he did it. —Whenever Old Man Rom rubbed his head with a pained face, it was to steer the conversation toward whatever he wanted, using that face as cover.

And what Old Man Rom wanted to steer things toward here was—

"All right, all right, all right, I hear you. Then I won't tell you to watch from the back or huddle up in some corner. —Instead, I'll have you trace the Helmet Bastard's footsteps, one step at a time."

"...You're telling me to follow behind the Helmet Bastard? What's the point of that?"

"I want to pin down the Helmet Bastard's position in the forest as much as possible, and after each squad clashes with the enemy and gets broken through, I want to gather up the survivors and use them as a rearguard ambush."

She understood that the strategy Old Man Rom was proposing was one that would drive the Helmet Bastard back again and again, sealing off his escape routes until he was surrounded and crushed. For that, the five hundred would be split into several units — and the unit that ended up engaging first might well become a sacrificial pawn.

And Felt understood that she herself would be put in the position of knowing all this while being unable to lift a hand to help.

"—"

"Felt, so long as this is a battle..."

"I get it. I'm not that bastard Reinhardt. I'm not so easygoing I think nobody's gonna die no matter where I send 'em. I just don't like it. Moving on the assumption that people are gonna die."

Much as she was often treated like a child on account of her looks, Felt — unfortunately for anyone who underestimated her for it — had no intention of trying to make some childishly naive dream a reality.

On that score, the philosophy she'd grown up with in the royal capital's slums — a place where a life never came with a high price tag — had taken firm root as the core of who she was.

A person's life was light and fragile, and that was precisely why she said it: —Live strong.

"—That's right. I don't much care for wasting lives either."

"Even without that, the underworld types have this whole aesthetic about risking their lives, don't they. Though it's complicated, 'cause without that, I doubt this many woulda gathered just 'cause we called."

Behind the ruffians' vow to follow Old Man Rom's plan to the letter lay a philosophy rooted in the underworld's blood-code — one different from that of the slums.

Not shunning that difference in outlook to excess, but respecting it instead, was the trick to getting along with them.

That said, since Felt had been entrusted with leading this group, here and now, everyone needed to follow her philosophy.

And so—

"—Let's do this. I'm going into this fight to win it, as myself."

Even if that meant a victory condition different from whatever anyone else had set, Felt had decided that was how she'd do it.

△▼△▼△▼△

In that final moment, when Old Man Rom closed the lid on the 'Dialogue Mirror' connecting them, Felt — just as she'd feared — felt her bad feeling hit the mark, and she ran all the faster.

"'Said there'd be one last push,' the old man told me..."

So said Camberley, blood streaming from every hole in his face.

She had plenty to say about the sorry state he was in, but Felt snatched the 'Meteor' from his hand, left him to the care of the comrades she'd freed from the Helmet Bastard's restraints, and ran.

Running faster than she ever had in her life, the moment she burst out of the forest, she came upon it.

—The scene of Old Man Rom, together with the Helmet Bastard, having the 'Divine Dragon' take aim at himself.

"—Don't you dare screw around with me!!"

Without thinking, she readied the 'Meteor' — the 'Star Rod' — and took aim at the incoming 'Dragon.'

She knew well how sturdy a 'Dragon' was, having witnessed one collide head-on with Reinhardt when she'd gone to the Pleiades Watchtower with Ezzo and the others. —Though that sturdiness had nothing to do with why she aimed the 'Star Rod' at it.

It was only that, even when butting in to say don't screw around, punching Old Man Rom simply wasn't an option on the table for Felt.

'—Ow!!'

The blow, carrying the light of the stars, struck the 'Dragon' across the face, and a pained cry rose up with none of the dignity befitting a 'Divine Dragon' as its breath veered off in a completely wrong direction.

An empty, deserted stretch of plain got forcibly leveled by that breath, but that was fine.

She'd probably just ruined Old Man Rom's all-out gambit, but that was fine too.

"Had a bad feeling, and here it is. Being ready to die and being quick to want to die are two completely different things! You damn old fool, Rom!!"

She roared it out on the surge of her rising fury, and clenched her teeth hard.

For a moment, Old Man Rom and the Helmet Bastard — whose forms had grown hard to make out, the two of them surely locked in a battle of wits at a level Felt couldn't even imagine — stared back at her, dumbstruck.

Serves them right, Felt thought, her eyes shamefully welling with tears even as her expression refused to crumble.

"That idiot Reinhardt would've fretted over it forever."

If they didn't care how they won, Felt and the others had the power to defeat just about anyone.

Precisely because of that, even if it got pointed at as arrogant thinking, she was picky about how she won. Because otherwise, there was no way to get a victory worth having.

For that reason, Felt held fast to her own philosophy.

Namely—

"Live strong, Old Man Rom. If we can't hold to that, then even if we win, we lose."

△▼△▼△▼△

"Just now, I lost."

Having voiced that stark fact, Aldebaran was crushed by a sense of defeat.

The scheme Valga Cromwell had just sprung was one aimed squarely, completely, at Aldebaran, who wielded an Authority — a perfect plan that had even factored in the timeout of the 'Divine Dragon's' return.

The threatening breath of 'Aldebaran,' meant to bring the fight to an end.

Once that had turned into an inescapable trap, Aldebaran would have repeated, endlessly, a matrix that had become a single unbroken road to a never-ending 'death' — and in time, worn his soul down to nothing.

What was truly to be feared was the fiendishly brilliant strategy of Valga Cromwell, the man who'd driven the 'Demi-Human War' into a hellish civil war — no, that checkmate hadn't come from that alone.

"Five hundred men, all at once — they whittled my options down to nothing."

That, unmistakably, was the reason for Aldebaran's defeat.

With the incessant, wave upon wave of assault from five hundred men, every one of them throwing themselves in with everything they had, every last ounce of life in their bodies, Aldebaran's mental strength had been ground down bit by bit, his judgment impaired. There'd been more than a few moments he'd had to redo over some simple misjudgment, and he'd kept pushing through by sheer brute force — through sheer number of attempts — until, right at the very end, he'd botched the finishing move.

Losing his composure over words exchanged with Valga, Aldebaran had misjudged the matrix's update point.

Perhaps even that had been a trap of Valga's own devising. He'd fallen for it completely, and had come dangerously close to having every possibility sealed off.

—No matter the trap, no matter the enemy, in the end he would always come out on top.

That arrogance of Aldebaran's was exactly what the crafty old Grand Strategist had struck at without mercy.

He should have known better. That though his Authority was invincible, Aldebaran, the one wielding it, was mediocre.

Because he hadn't been able to win in the moment he truly had to, Aldebaran had betrayed the many people who'd placed their hopes in him, and drifted here.

Because Aldebaran had let a treasure too great for him go to waste—

"—Priscilla."

He couldn't save her, his rasping breath was on the verge of voicing the utmost of self-condemnation, when—

"Everyone, don't move!!"

A high voice rang out sharp and clear, shattering the stagnant air that had wrapped around the battlefield plain.

With the 'Divine Dragon' summoned and the schemes of the Grand Strategist who had once run rampant through the 'Demi-Human War' having failed to detonate, in the very place where this battle's main players had gathered, the one who thus claimed the initiative was the red-haired maid — Yae.

Held up by the ambush from Grassis and thus late in coming to support Aldebaran, Yae had bound Grassis at the forest's entrance and Manfred in one corner of the plain, both with steel wire, and left them lying there.

And on top of that—

"—Damn, so this is the wire that had Rachins and the others tied up."

Felt, the 'Star Rod' dropped at her feet, clicked her tongue bitterly.

Felt herself had been bound hand and foot together with steel wire, unable to move.

In other words, the tables had turned.

"I humbly beg your pardon for this grievous discourtesy to your noble person, Felt-sama."

"'Noble person' ain't exactly my style. ...Why're you sticking with the Helmet Bastard, anyway?"

"Following whoever's the scariest around — isn't that only natural~?"

Sticking out her tongue, Yae answered in her usual manner, addressing the Felt she'd just immobilized.

Watching that exchange out of the corner of his eye, Aldebaran took a step back to put some distance between himself and Valga. Though, with his scheme having failed to go off, Valga remained frozen on his knees, unable to move.

A life-or-death gambit had come up empty. That loss of strength was only natural, but right now, what showed in the eyes of that too-clever old giant was something more urgent than mere defeat.

"...Whatever happens to me doesn't matter. Just — don't lay a hand on Felt."

"That's exactly what I wanted to hear. Though I could've done without seeing that face."

To Valga's pained, wrung-out plea and expression, Aldebaran answered from the heart.

Coming from the side that had started things, asking him not to lay a hand on her was a convenient demand. But if it set the stage for ending this fight, relief outweighed any irritation.

Of course, correcting a plan thrown into disarray meant Aldebaran's seven days had just gotten a good deal more severe.

Even so, for now, the emotion of being able to end a fight with the first opponent besides a 'Witch' ever to defeat him outweighed all that—

'—Yo. Sounds like I was in some real trouble, huh.'

The one who called out to Aldebaran was 'Aldebaran,' touching down on the ground with a beat of its wings.

Frankly, given that it had nearly ruined everything with a friendly-fire mistake, it seemed a bit too unrepentant about it, but Aldebaran had cut short its half-day mission of drawing the kingdom's eyes elsewhere and called it back. Since they were both equally guilty of falling short here, he decided to let it slide for now.

'So? Looks like you ended up tangled up with little Felt and her crew when you didn't expect to — what the hell was that just now, anyway?'

"A trap to get my other self to shoot me by mistake. Felt like I'd been checkmated on a shatranj board so hard I couldn't move hand or foot. ...And it damn near did happen for real."

'Man, that brings back some unpleasant memories of getting worked over by the teacher.'

At those words from 'Aldebaran,' who shared his memories through the 'Book of the Dead,' Aldebaran was reminded of the time the 'Witch' who had granted him all his knowledge had utterly, childishly demolished him on a shatranj board, and it soured his mood.

That said, a game of leisure on a board and a battlefield where Aldebaran was making full use of his Authority were fundamentally different things. Valga really had been a terrifying enemy.

"No, well — maybe what was really frightening was the personal virtue of little Felt, who's got you following her."

"...We're not exactly following Felt."

"—. No, I suppose that's true."

Even among fellow Royal Selection candidates, the way Felt and Priscilla shone was different.

If the brilliance of the sun you looked up at differed, then how your eyes got scorched by it would differ too. There was no question of which was right — only which light you chose to look up to.

And Valga was the one who had decided to look up to Felt—

"—So that goes for all of you, huh."

In the field of view of Aldebaran as he turned around, there were the ruffians who had crawled out from the forest — five hundred men wounded in the fighting, lending each other a shoulder, and still not having lost their fighting spirit.

"—"

Just as Valga had threatened, so long as their lives weren't taken, they would rise again and again, pushing their wounded bodies to stand, and keep coming to try to bring Aldebaran down.

Faced with expressions carrying that much spirit, Aldebaran keenly felt it all over again — the weight of having decided to walk a path that no one in the entire world would ever affirm again.

"But things have changed since a minute ago. You don't have a chance of winning anymore. Same as with the 'Sword Saint' or the 'Witch of Envy.' —A 'Divine Dragon' flips the whole game on its head."

The unreasonable force that was a 'Divine Dragon' was like throwing a punch directly at your opponent in the middle of a shatranj match, without using the pieces at all. This world held a certain number of beings that existed outside such 'frameworks.'

He had sealed away one such being, held another in place, made use of another, and won yet another over to his side. —That advantage, Aldebaran would exploit without hesitation to the fullest.

And so—

"Sorry, but this is where I force game set. So you all can't chase after us from here on—"

"—Felt-sama, would you please refrain from moving?"

"—?"

Out of nowhere, Yae's quiet voice cut across Aldebaran's demand for surrender.

Glancing that way, he saw Yae standing behind the wire-bound Felt, directing a cool, sharp gaze at her profile as she issued the warning.

Felt, however, prefaced her response to Yae with "I'm not moving," before adding—

"—Look at me."

So she quietly wove those words.

"—"

At that single utterance of Felt's, Aldebaran, Yae, and even Valga all frowned.

It was a remark whose intent made no sense, and Aldebaran suspected some scheme that functioned by entering his field of view — but Felt herself was captive to Yae, literally unable to move hand or foot.

There was nothing she could possibly do from a state like that. —And yet, in the girl's red eyes dwelt a will strong enough not to let anyone think so.

And then—

'Ahh, we've got a bit of a problem here.'

So said 'Aldebaran,' rubbing with a forefoot the cheek that had taken a hit from the 'Star Rod.'

The target of that confusing address was Aldebaran, who shared its memories and personality — but 'Aldebaran,' despite speaking to him, wasn't looking his way at all.

It wasn't a matter of bad manners. That 'Dragon's' eyes were fixed on Felt.

—As though, quite intensely, it found it hard to look away from Felt at all.

Before Aldebaran could scrutinize what that might mean, 'Aldebaran' — instead of rubbing its cheek — reached out of habit to fiddle with the fittings of a helmet it wasn't even wearing, its hand swinging through empty air, and said—

'Seems like I just... don't wanna refuse Farsale's — little Felt's — request.'

...Thus revealing that a real problem had, indeed, arisen.

△▼△▼△▼△

'—Farsale, thy recklessness has worn both me and all the others out completely.'

That was what the 'Divine Dragon' had said to her, back when Felt, aiming to prove Meili Portroute's usefulness, had headed for the Pleiades Watchtower together with her and crossed the Augria Sand Dunes.

Apparently spooked by the presence of Reinhardt, who'd come along, Volcanica, the 'Divine Dragon' meant to guard the tower, had launched a frantic, panicked attack on Felt and the others.

That fierce clash, which had looked like it might blow away half the dunes, was without doubt the flashiest, biggest-scale battle of Felt's life.

In the end, the battle between Reinhardt and Volcanica was never settled. Volcanica had caught sight of Felt, lost all its will to fight, and the whole thing had petered out unfinished.

The one line the 'Dragon' had spoken when it left that fight unresolved, hanging like a bad meal, was the one quoted at the start.

"Who the hell's this 'Farsale,' huh? What a joke."

At the 'Divine Dragon's' rude case of mistaken identity, Felt had gotten good and angry.

But even as she got angry about it, Felt wasn't so ignorant as to have no idea at all whose name "Farsale" — the one Volcanica had spoken — belonged to.

In this Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, if the name Farsale came from the mouth of Volcanica, the 'Divine Dragon,' it could be none other than Farsale Lugunica — the one called the last 'Lion King,' the one who had led the making of the Covenant exchanged between the kingdom and the dragons.

In other words, Volcanica had mistaken Felt for the last 'Lion King.'

Farsale Lugunica had unmistakably been a male king, so being mistaken for him irritated her to no end. Over the year and a half since the Royal Selection had begun, whether thanks to her nutrition dramatically improving from her days in the slums or not, Felt's physical growth had been remarkable.

Her build, too, should have gone from something so scrawny you couldn't even tell male from female to something at least passably presentable.

With that pride of hers wounded, her encounter with the 'Divine Dragon' — someone even in this dragon-devoted kingdom hardly anyone got to meet face to face — had turned into a distinctly unpleasant one for Felt.

That said, the encounter didn't end as merely an unpleasant experience.

Whether it was because Volcanica and Farsale had been on remarkably close terms, it had become tremendously friendly toward Felt — to put it plainly, it had taken to her in an outrageous way.

So much so that, even with a head practically as empty as some senile old man's, it still tried to obey Felt's words swiftly and without hesitation.

"A promise between the Lugunican royal line and Volcanica, huh..."

With no concrete record left, there was no knowing in detail what sort of relationship the 'Lion King' and the 'Divine Dragon' had had, what words they'd exchanged, or how exactly they'd made their promise.

Still, Felt understood well enough that there had been something between the two of them — something different from one-sided servitude and different from mere friendship or affection alike.

And on top of that, Felt wasn't so coldhearted as to feel nothing at all, watching Volcanica, mistaking her for Farsale, gamely try to keep to that old Covenant.

Much less did she think Volcanica had mistaken her for Farsale based on nothing more than the color of her hair and eyes.

What that might mean, Felt had reached something like a tentative conclusion about within herself, but with Reinhardt not even beside her right now, she had no intention of putting it into words.

What mattered was that Felt could serve, for Volcanica, as a stand-in for Farsale.

Namely—

"—Look at me."

The instant she'd voiced that declaration, the reaction of the Helmet Bastard and the shinobi maid, who'd looked her way with suspicion, had clearly differed from that of Volcanica — no, the 'Divine Dragon' — who had whipped around as though jolted.

The 'Divine Dragon's' reaction was proof, without a doubt, that it had felt some binding force in Felt's words, some sense too hard to ignore, that none of the others had felt at all.

And that was also the one and only means of countering the deadline Old Man Rom had set on this battle in advance — the trump card of the Helmet Bastard calling the 'Divine Dragon' onto the battlefield.

The instant she could be sure it had worked, Felt shouted.

"Everyone, lend a shoulder to the wounded and pull back! This fight's over!"

"Wha—"

"The 'Divine Dragon' can't ignore me! This is where we call it quits!"

At the declaration going right over his head, the Helmet Bastard was left speechless. Taking some satisfaction purely in his dumbfounded reaction, Felt looked past him at Old Man Rom.

Old Man Rom's face stiffened, the deep wrinkles of his face deepening further still, as he said—

"Felt, I..."

"I told you already, didn't I, Old Man Rom. If the 'Divine Dragon' came back, this is what I'd do. You went ahead and did your own thing without a word. My own thing, though — the thing I actually talked over with you first — that's the one that follows the rules."

"Nngh...!"

At Felt's head-on words, Old Man Rom had nothing to say back and fell silent.

Both Felt and Old Man Rom had thought about what to do if the 'Divine Dragon' came back. It was only that their planned responses to that situation had differed between the two of them.

Just as she'd said, Felt — who had actually discussed hers properly — surely had the far more legitimate claim.

"Hey, was that just now for real?"

Off to the side of that exchange between Felt and Old Man Rom, the Helmet Bastard, recovering from the shock, called that question up at the 'Divine Dragon's' face high above.

To that question, the 'Divine Dragon' let out one deep, heavy snort through its nose, and said—

'For real, for real for real. Honestly you oughta praise me for the self-control it's takin' not to just flip right around to little Felt's side here. If I wasn't me, I'd have switched sides in a heartbeat.'

"That's a rough joke, man..."

Fiddling with the fittings of his helmet with his fingers, the Helmet Bastard let his shoulders sag at the 'Divine Dragon's' answer.

Listening to the two of them talk it out, Felt, for her part, had her own sense of unease — the 'Divine Dragon's' attitude was noticeably different from before, and that bothered her — but she had no room to spare to raise it now.

What she needed to push through here and now was making use of the sheer luck that her existence was a counter to the 'Divine Dragon,' to get the defeated Old Man Rom and the others withdrawn safely—

"—My, what a poor loser you are, Felt-sama."

"—"

No sooner had those words been whispered by her ear than a thin pressure bit into her neck. Looking down, she saw a wire so thin you'd miss it without straining your eyes had cut into her neck, drawing a faint bead of blood.

Of course, the one who'd done that was the shinobi maid who'd bound Felt with wire.

"Yae, stop! Didn't I tell you—"

"I'll say this ready to take whatever punishment comes, Al-sama. Felt-sama should be disposed of right here. Even I could tell that talk with the 'Divine Dragon'-sama just now was heading in a bad direction."

"That's..."

'—That one's off the table, Yae. Do it, and I won't let it slide.'

Standing in for the Helmet Bastard, who'd trailed off, the one to threaten the shinobi maid — Yae — like that was the 'Divine Dragon,' its head lowering just slightly.

The 'Divine Dragon's' fury was such that merely being glared at, merely being cowed by it, made you imagine your skin was scorching. And yet, bathed in it, Yae glared right back at the 'Dragon' without so much as flinching, saying—

"Unfortunately for you, the one I'm afraid of is Al-sama, not the 'Divine Dragon.' Being glared at by you — there's nothing scary about that at all."

'Yaeee...!'

"Both of you, stop! Don't go picking fights for no reason, they'll take advantage of it!"

Cutting in on the staring match between Yae and the 'Divine Dragon,' the Helmet Bastard kept watch on Felt and Old Man Rom.

In truth, the bound Felt couldn't lift hand or foot, but even now, Old Man Rom hadn't stopped watching for any opening to pull something.

At that fact, Yae and the 'Divine Dragon,' wary of Old Man Rom themselves, both let their dangerous mood recede for the time being.

"But, but, the problem's not solved. The fact that Felt-sama is dangerous still stands."

"I know. ...Is there really nothing I can do about it?"

'Yeah, sorry about that. It's not some binding force thing, not some restriction or Oath tying me down. It's just — I really, seriously don't want to. Feels like my sense of self's about to split in two.'

At Yae's point, the opinions of the Helmet Bastard and the 'Divine Dragon' ran on parallel lines, never meeting.

The Helmet Bastard had his own line he wanted to hold, and Yae and the 'Divine Dragon' were in the position of following it, but it seemed that, at the root, their wills weren't perfectly unified after all.

As things stood, it was a situation that could tip either way.

If that was the case—

"Let's call this one a draw where it hurts both sides equal. You let my crew go. In exchange, we'll let you all go too."

"...That's a bit too convenient, don't you think. Sure, luck was on our side, but the fact is we broke every plan you and your crew came up with. So why's it a draw?"

"You know without me saying it, don't you? Our fight had a time limit for both sides — up until the 'Divine Dragon' came back. But if the 'Divine Dragon's' not lending a hand to either side, that limit disappears. And if it disappears, then it's back to five hundred of us against you, plain and simple."

"—"

Even as she spoke, Felt watched the Helmet Bastard closely — unable to read his face.

With his face hidden, Felt had to gather up whatever fragments she could — his breathing, his small gestures, every scrap of information at the margins — and use everything she had to see through to what was in the Helmet Bastard's heart.

Felt's argument, just now, had a decisive hole in it that even she understood perfectly well. —Everything that had happened up to this point only held together because the Helmet Bastard happened to have chosen, so far, not to kill anyone.

If the Helmet Bastard broke that premise on a whim, Felt and the others were finished.

Even with the 'Divine Dragon's' movements restricted, just as Yae's wire was already looped around Felt's neck, her five hundred comrades could be strangled one after another, wiped out entirely.

And there was no way the Helmet Bastard himself hadn't realized that. So Felt, with everything she had, with her whole body and soul, chose her words, honed them, and drove them straight at his soul — all to keep him from making up his mind to do it.

—To make him think that continuing this fight here simply wasn't worth it.

"I'll tell you now, my Old Man Rom's got more up his sleeve than this. If the fight keeps going, that just means he'll come up with the next bit of cunning."

"...That's a scary thought. But that's the same whether I let you go now or not, isn't it? Call it a draw for now, and if you just come at us again once you've regrouped, we're back to chasing our tails."

"Yeah. So, let's do this. —I'll be your hostage."

"—!"

She caught, from the smallest of gestures, a faint intake of breath — the Helmet Bastard's eyes widening at her proposal. Sensing she'd struck something there, Felt, without pushing too hard, moved carefully to draw the ray of hope in closer.

"If I'm with you all, my crew can't lift a finger. That's the winning condition you were aiming for from the start to win this fight, isn't it?"

"That's out of the question. Deliberately having us drag along a troublemaker. A proposal like that would be meaningless the moment Felt-sama tried to escape—"

"Then just don't take this wire off me. And your 'Divine Dragon' — if I break the promise, try to run, and end up dead for it, that's on me, my own responsibility. No need to get mad about it."

'Hey, hey, hey, c'mon, that's not right, Farsale.'

"I'm not Farsale."

Yae, who had cut in, and the 'Divine Dragon,' which had been about to refuse, both fell to thinking over Felt's words.

While they did, Felt fixed her gaze steadily on the Helmet Bastard, who, like her, held the power to decide things here, and said—

"So, what's it gonna be? Whether this keeps going is up to you."

"...I don't want any extra baggage to carry."

"—"

"But it's also true I'm in no position to be fighting with myself. I could go along with little Felt's hostage plan. Just—"

Quietly, deep in thought, the Helmet Bastard wove those words with care. At the end of them, as if drawing it out for effect, the sentence broke off — and in that instant—

"Waaaaugh—!!"

Cutting right through the rhythm of the conversation, Old Man Rom, letting out a battle cry, threw out both arms and lunged at the Helmet Bastard from behind.

His thick arms clamped down around the Helmet Bastard's neck and waist from behind, and just as Felt was held captive by Yae, a situation was now complete where each side's representative had the other captured in turn—

"—Dona."

In an instant, a left arm of stone, conjured by the Helmet Bastard's incantation, punched squarely up into Old Man Rom's jaw.

That unexpected blow, delivered by the stone prosthetic arm the one-armed Helmet Bastard had grown, rattled Old Man Rom's brain violently, and his huge frame crashed down onto the plain with a great sound.

Felt reflexively started to rush over, but caught herself, remembering the feel of the wire at her throat. Facing her, the Helmet Bastard, having just punched Old Man Rom down, let out a sigh and said—

"Just — you'll let this one hit on the old man slide."

So saying, tacking that condition onto the ceasefire after the fact, he accepted Felt's proposal.

△▼△▼△▼△

—The unconscious Valga was carried off, borne between Grassis and Gaston.

Watching that thoroughly ill-matched pair in terms of build, Aldebaran remained alert to the very end, seeing the five hundred ruffians — no, the formidable enemies they'd been — through their withdrawal.

He made sure, thoroughly, that the fearsome enemies had withdrawn all the way to beyond the horizon, and had 'Aldebaran' check exhaustively as well for anyone plotting to sneak back and pursue them.

'Nobody's there. Everybody pulled out.'

"That's the truth, right? I can trust that, right? You're not gonna betray me?"

'In manga and stuff, a guy betraying himself is a classic plot twist, but for now, just relax. Right now, my leaning toward you and my leaning toward little Felt are about fifty-fifty.'

"That's plenty deep in the danger zone already..."

There was something frightening in 'Aldebaran's' remarks — no telling how seriously he could take them.

It was something he'd already known, but 'Aldebaran' was, after all, only 'Aldebaran' — no matter how much it shared his memories and personality, it could never become Aldebaran himself.

It was too reliable a helper in accomplishing Aldebaran's purpose, but it was equally true that it could never become more than a helper.

"—Al-sama~, I've finished checking Felt-sama's belongings~"

So said Yae, waving her hand cheerfully as she returned to Aldebaran, who was mulling all that over in his heart.

He'd ordered her to give Felt a thorough physical search, on the chance that Valga Cromwell might have had her carry something.

Though, judging from how Yae looked, nothing had turned up on Felt.

"How'd it go?"

"Wellll~, she had a 'Dialogue Mirror' on her, so I broke it."

"So she did have something! Hey, little Felt!"

"Shut up, I told you myself, straight up. It's fine, I wasn't hiding it or anything."

Felt shot back sullenly at Aldebaran's raised voice, poking her head out from behind 'Aldebaran.' Since it was a vast, open plain with not even a tree's shade to speak of, Felt's search had been carried out on the far side of the huge-bodied 'Aldebaran.'

In any case, at Felt's answer, he shot Yae a glare, and she stuck her tongue out with a "bleh," saying—

"Just a playful little joke from Yae~"

"You, seriously..."

"Don't take it so seriously~, Al-sama. You never really lend an ear to what I say anyway, right?"

"—. My bad."

"I can't hear you, so I won't forgive you."

"My bad!!"

He shouted the apology at the top of his lungs, but Yae ostentatiously clapped her hands over her ears.

Yae's attitude was as childish as could be, but it was no wonder she'd gotten this way. Aldebaran was forcing on her, out of his own ego, restrictions that kept her from using even half her true ability.

And on top of that, since he never rewarded any of Yae's wishes and instead disciplined her through fear alone, he was, with no room for excuse whatsoever, a thoroughgoing domestic abuser.

"Geez, I get having to be searched, but there was no need to strip me bare naked out in the open."

Felt, for her part, grumbled her way out from behind 'Aldebaran.' Glancing at Yae over that remark of hers, he found her still with both hands clapped over her ears, evidently intending to dodge any accounting for having pulled a piece of harassment that hadn't needed any actual undressing at all.

"...Well, chalk that much up to being the loser's lot and swallow it, would you. Probably, I'm a lot more scared of that old man than little Felt thinks I am."

"Heh, is that so, is that so. Well, my Old Man Rom's amazing, all right. ...Though I'm never forgiving him for trying to pull one over on me."

'Sounds like that one runs deep on your side too. Guess it really was a draw, in the end.'

'Aldebaran' gave a wry laugh at Felt, whose mood swung wildly up and down all on its own between praise for Valga and anger at him. At those words of 'Aldebaran's,' she looked up at the grinning dragon's face and said—

"Actually, I've been wanting to ask — aren't you Volcanica?"

How much of the situation to share was a tricky call, but the question Felt had about 'Aldebaran' was only natural if you knew the 'Divine Dragon' from before its 'Book of the Dead' installation. Ignoring it and letting her kick up a fuss over it would only add to the hardships of the road ahead, but—

"So he's the guy from Big Sis Emilia's group, huh... Helmet Bastard, this one talks just like you."

"...Management decided that wouldn't sell, so his character's kind of adrift right now. Also, let's drop that 'Helmet Bastard' business. It's Aldebaran."

"Aldebaran? Wasn't it shorter than that?"

"That one was kind of a 'too short for a sash, too long for a strap' deal too, management figured it wouldn't sell either."

Answering offhandedly like that, Aldebaran put off giving Felt any detailed explanation.

Either way, if he was going to keep dragging Felt along from here on, even if not Aldebaran himself, 'Aldebaran' would end up telling her anyway — just why the 'Divine Dragon,' famous from recorded history, had turned into such a frivolous, unserious clown.

"Anyway, right now it's about revising the plan. There's only about five days left."

With the battle against Felt and her people wedged in the middle of it, the plan was now forced into major revisions.

That said, having 'Aldebaran' here — who was supposed to have his rendezvous postponed — could also be taken positively, as something that would help cut the travel time ahead drastically shorter.

What was worrying was that the Royal Army, which was originally supposed to be drawn together in the north, probably hadn't been decoyed away as thoroughly as planned—

"By the way, there's no option here where we just tie up little Felt and leave her lying here, is there?"

'If she hadn't told me to keep watching her, maybe. Not now, though.'

"There's no binding force to it, is there."

'Nope. It's purely just — I've got this feeling I wanna do whatever she asks.'

At an answer that serious a case, Aldebaran felt like burying his face in his hands.

Winning over the 'Sword Saint' Reinhardt, the 'Grand Strategist' Valga Cromwell, and now even Volcanica the 'Divine Dragon' as allies — just how many lucky stars were twinkling over Felt's head?

"Like hell I'm gonna lose to a bunch of stars like that."

There was no denying it felt like he was walking away with a narrow win, a draw, and a dud bomb all rolled into one, but it was also true that Aldebaran had fought his way through everything up to this point with everything he had.

For now, he'd hold onto that fact without forgetting it, and let it serve as both a caution and a guidepost for moving forward from here.

"So? Where are you all headed from here, and what do you plan to do?"

"—"

"Can't even tell me that much, huh? Skimp too much on feeding the fish you already caught, and it might be you who ends up in trouble for it, Aldebaran."

Calling Aldebaran by name like that, Felt made a grin that showed off her snaggletooth.

The steel wire Yae had looped around her neck was still wrapped there, exactly the hostage state Felt had proposed for herself. And yet, at the girl's gaze — its fighting spirit not the least bit dulled — Aldebaran swallowed down some hesitation and told her.

The answer to the question Felt had voiced — namely, Aldebaran's destination—

"—We're heading for the Grand Mogolade Geyser, right in the middle of Kararagi. That place is the one spot in this whole world that connects to somewhere nobody can lay a hand on. There's something I have to throw away there."

"...You're pulling all this just for that?"

"Yeah, that's right. It's necessary. —So that I can be me."

To Felt, who surely couldn't imagine the full meaning behind that act, Aldebaran made clear, through the force behind his words, that he had no intention of helping her imagine any further.

Taking that in, Felt narrowed her red eyes, started to say something, and stopped. —Though he understood that whatever she'd started to say was probably about her — the one who was no longer anywhere at all.

"—! Wh— whoa!? Wh-what, what's going on!? What happened!? Hey! Aldebaran! Maid! What's going on, what— dammit! My back hurts!"

Hearing that solemn mood among Aldebaran and the others get noisily, unceremoniously smashed apart by Heinkel, who had finally woken up, felt like it let him truly feel that the battle was over at last.

Though it was, without question, a thanks so thoroughly backhanded that Heinkel himself would have found it entirely unwelcome.

<notes>
- 『対話鏡』 rendered as "Dialogue Mirror" and 『星杖』 as "Star Rod" (the latter glossed as another name for the "Meteor" Camberley/Felt carries) — neither term appears in the provided glossary; flag for wiki verification.
- バルガ・クロムウェル's title 大参謀 rendered as "Grand Strategist" — not in the provided term list, flag for verification.
- 親竜王国 rendered as "this dragon-devoted kingdom" (referring to Lugunica's special bond with the dragons) — the compound isn't a catalogued term, so the rendering is a best-guess based on context rather than an attested translation.
- The lone, unclosed 「 immediately after Felt's dialogue (before "聞くだに不満爆発な立ち位置を提案されかけ...") appears to be a source-text artifact/typo rather than intentional dialogue; rendered as a bare "—" to preserve the pause without inventing content.
- 兜ヤロー/兜野郎 consistently rendered as "Helmet Bastard" (a coined epithet, not a proper name) to preserve Felt's derogatory tone toward Aldebaran-the-person.
</notes>