Arc 10 Part 5: "The Outcome of the Detour"

Subaru’s mental preparation for traveling via Reinhard proved useless in two different ways.

"It might feel a bit strange, but you should get used to it quickly."

With that brief introduction, what Reinhard did was simple: he hoisted the dragon carriage—Patrasche and all—onto his shoulders and dashed across the sky. No, he *sprinted*.

"Ababababababa...!"

The scenery outside the window blurred at high speeds, yet inside the carriage, there was almost no vibration or swaying. This combination of visual and physical sensory dissonance—a literal visual bug—caused Subaru to cling to Beatrice, both of them trembling violently.

He understood the principle. Essentially, it was the same effect as a ground dragon’s "Divine Protection of Wind Evasion." The only problem was that the one manifesting it was a human being, and he was running at a speed that made questioning common sense feel like a fool's errand.

"I’ve had this done to me once before. You and the others should get a taste of it too, Subaru-onii-san."

"J-Just because you have, doesn't mean we can just 'get used' to it!"

Meili sat calmly on her seat, resting her chin on her knees. Petra, looking terrified, clung to the cloak of the girl acting like a composed veteran. In response to Petra’s question, Meili let out a "Hmph" and smirked.

"So Petra-chan *does* have things she's afraid of. How unexpected."

"It’s not so much 'scary' as it is 'shocking' when someone does something so far outside my imagination. The 'Sword Saint' is way more nonsensical than the stories said."

"...Even I haven't heard of any past 'Sword Saint' being quite this unconventional. It’s likely that Reinhard is a special case even among them."

Following the latter half of Petra’s conversation, Old Rom answered while patting his own head. Even Old Rom, whose massive frame was cramped into the carriage seat, didn't seem accustomed to this "Reinhard Method" of travel; he kept one hand pressed against the wall for peace of mind.

Apparently, the Felt camp didn't use this method of transportation on a daily basis. Though, Subaru thought, it would be a massive advantage if they did.

"If we relied on this for anything other than emergencies, rumors would spread that we were unfairly overworking the 'Sword Saint,' and our reputation would plummet. The Kingdom would be just as troubled if the authority of the 'Sword Saint' were diminished... if things went poorly, they might not just ban him from leaving the country, but ban this method of travel altogether."

"Ah, that joke of a law... the Reinhard Law."

Subaru muttered the name of that nonsensical international law peculiar to this world as Old Rom grimaced.

The Reinhard Law, as the name suggested, applied only to the "Sword Saint" Reinhard van Astrea. It was a treaty established with the sole purpose of preventing him from leaving the Kingdom of Lugunica. It sounded like a joke, but once you witnessed his out-of-spec power firsthand, it was hard to call it an overreaction.

However—

"I mean, Reinhard’s power is stupid—or rather, he’s basically a cheat—but I wish people could see that he’s not the type of guy to go around causing trouble in other countries."

"Ho. Even though you're from a different camp, you hold Reinhard in such high regard?"

"Because we’re friends. It’d be sad if everyone else went on an overseas trip and he was the only one left behind to watch the house. Like a trip to Vollachia... wait, there’s nothing fun in Vollachia. Flop-san and Medium-san would have to use their influence to build an amusement park or something first."

Subaru hoped they could somehow pull the wool over Abel’s eyes—or perhaps just convince him—to waste the Empire’s budget on entertainment and build a grand amusement park.

"Garfiel, what are you staring at, I wonder?"

"Nah, I was just thinkin' that if I could do somethin' similar, I could make things easier for the Cap’n and the others. But 'Aptitude is a Jibnevra,' I guess. Don't think I can pull off the same trick."

While Subaru was busy imagining the construction plans for "Vollachia Land," Garfiel, addressed by Beatrice, gnashed his fangs in disappointment.

Certainly, in terms of raw physical strength, Garfiel might be able to do the same thing as Reinhard. However, without the "Divine Protection of Wind Evasion," the "comfort" of that ride would be a literal hell. Besides, Subaru would feel guilty treating his "little brother" like a pack horse, even in an emergency.

"Ah, so that’s why the 'Reinhard Method' isn't practical. It really does weigh on the mind."

『I’m glad you understand. I also feel hesitant to do this outside of emergencies.』

"You joined the conversation like it’s the most natural thing in the world..."

Reinhard’s voice drifted in effortlessly. It was the effect of the "Divine Protection of Telepathy," something Subaru had experienced once before in Priestella.

It seemed he was projecting his voice to everyone this time, not just Subaru. Petra and the others looked unable to hide their shock at Reinhard’s voice suddenly echoing in their heads. Meili, however, seemed to have a resistance to this "Telepathy" as well, maintaining her smug expression.

At any rate—

"For now, the shock of the 'Reinhard Method' has settled down, but I still haven't processed the other bombshell. Is it true? About the appearance of that girl, Philaure?"

『—Yes, it is the undeniable truth.』

Though he couldn't see him, Subaru knew Reinhard had nodded in affirmation. He swallowed the impact of that fact with a heavy breath.

It was a startling new development that had occurred in the Royal Capital while Subaru and the others were at the Pleiades Watchtower—the contact from the "Divine Dragon Church" and the appearance of a person named Philaure, who had made the insignia glow.

The fact that an organization that had kept a low profile until now had suddenly appeared with a fact that couldn't be ignored in the Royal Selection naturally caused Subaru, as the knight of candidate Emilia, to feel intense agitation.

However—

"—The news that Crusch-san is saved is the best news of all."

The earthquake hitting the Royal Selection was a major event, but among the topics brought to him, the one that held the most significance for Subaru was Crusch’s recovery.

In Priestella, Crusch had fallen victim to the Sin Archbishop of Lust, burdened with a curse that caused unceasing agony. Having stood on the same battlefield yet failing to protect her, Subaru had carried that guilt like a deep, lingering thorn.

"Seriously, if it meant peeling that stuff off Crusch-san’s body, I wouldn't have cared if my own body turned pitch black all over."

Crusch had been showered with the blood of "Lust," suffering horrific damage. Subaru had received the same baptism of blood, but his damage was vastly different from hers.

Of course, it had affected various parts of his body, but unlike Crusch, who continued to suffer, his symptoms were at most some grotesque "failed tattoos" on his limbs. Even the ones on his arm were gone when his arm was blown off, and the ones on his leg only surprised him occasionally when he saw them in the bath or the toilet.

For some reason, Subaru’s body had been able to take on Crusch’s burden in exchange for pain. Taking it all upon himself to save her had been an option, but—

"Crusch-san wouldn't say yes."

After the conclusion in Priestella, she had refused his offer to take the curse, saying she couldn't place such a burden on Subaru as he headed for the Watchtower. Since then, her condition had been a constant worry.

The news that she was healed was undoubtedly a joyous report for Subaru.
Though—

"The fact that the parties involved are the ones who cannot purely rejoice in that recovery is what makes it so hard to swallow."

As Old Rom heavily noted, Crusch’s recovery—and the fact that it was achieved by the "Divine Dragon Church"—meant a bitter pill for her camp.

Subaru understood that much. Because he understood, he couldn't say anything reckless. He couldn't lightheartedly say that being alive was what mattered most, even if it put her at a massive disadvantage in the Selection.

"But this Philaure person appearing and making the insignia glow—the proof of being a priestess—that’s bad, isn't it?"

"It is, isn't it? Just when one candidate was finally out of the way and a seat opened up, the slot gets filled and we're back to square one."

"...Meili-chan, if you don't choose your words more carefully, I’m going to get angry. We went all the way to the Tower because of that."

"And the guy in the helmet ruined it all. ...Geez, don't be mad. Fine, fine, I was wrong."

Perhaps remembering her role as a little devil, Meili teased the situation, only to offer an insincere apology when Petra’s gaze sharpened. After a small sigh at Meili’s attitude, Petra continued.

"Ignoring Meili-chan’s bad mouth... when I say it’s 'bad,' I’m not talking about the number of seats. I mean, this Philaure person has blonde hair and red eyes, right?"

"That’s the story. Which means..."

"—Those are the characteristics of the Lugunican Royal Family, aren't they? And the name of the princess who was kidnapped fifteen years ago was, if I recall..."

"—Philaure."

Petra touched her finger to her lip as she searched her memory. As she hesitated before the final, crucial word, another person finished it for her. It was Old Rom.

Old Rom drew the attention of everyone in the carriage, yet he kept his gaze dropped between his knees.

"Fifteen years ago, the daughter of the King’s brother who vanished from the castle was named Philaure. It is the same name as the nun from the 'Divine Dragon Church' who marched into the castle."

"And the story goes that this nun made the insignia glow in front of a large crowd at the castle. If that’s true, it’s no wonder there’s trouble shaking the Royal Selection, I suppose."

Having shared the facts that had rocked the Royal Capital and the circumstances surrounding them, a solemn atmosphere filled the carriage.

However, Subaru decided to break that mood, prepared to be the one who couldn't read the room.

"Hey, listen. I’m... not entirely convinced by that."

『—Not convinced? In what way?』

"I’m getting used to talking to a voice in my head, but what everyone’s worried about is that, right? That this Philaure person from the 'Divine Dragon Church' might be the Lugunican royalty who disappeared fifteen years ago. And the insignia glowing is proof of that."

"Yes, that’s right. What about that doesn't sit right with you?"

"I mean, wasn't Felt in the exact same situation?"

Unfortunately, even searching his memories of that cursed day the Royal Selection began, Subaru hadn't been able to hear Felt’s declaration. He had been kicked out of the throne room for making a massive fool of himself before that.

But even if he wasn't there, what happened after his departure and what Felt said had been shared with him later. Even then, the existence of the royalty from fifteen years ago had surfaced as an issue.

"In other words, the situation is the same as it was with Felt. Personally, I think the trope of a princess secretly spirited away from the castle living as a commoner is a cool development, so I prefer the version where Felt is the royal."

"Hmph, I see. —However, as you suspect, if Felt were confirmed to be a princess of the Lugunica Kingdom, the Royal Selection would be decided with Felt as the winner. Are you okay with that?"

"Eh?"

At Old Rom’s pointed remark, Subaru’s eyes went wide.
He thought for a moment it was a bad joke, but no correction came. Furthermore, everyone else in the carriage seemed to agree with Rom’s logic.

Finding himself unexpectedly in the minority—no, a solitary faction—Subaru was flustered.

"Wait, wait, wait, why?"

"Why? Because that’s how it works. The whole reason we’re havin' a Royal Selection is 'cause the royal family is gone, right? But if that ain't the case, then the survivin' royal takin' the throne is just how it goes."

"Y-You mean hereditary succession?"

『I’d prefer you choose your words more carefully, but yes, that is the case.』

Rebuked by the two martial artists, Garfiel and Reinhard, Subaru realized the gap between his own common sense and that of the people of this world. He let out a long "Ahhh."

For Natsuki Subaru, born and raised in Japan, it was natural for a country’s representative to be chosen by factors other than bloodline. The fact that the Royal Selection system itself felt somewhat similar to the election systems he was familiar with had also influenced his perception.

But for the people of this world, it was natural for the son of a king to become the next king, and for that king’s child to become the next prince.

Therefore, if Felt were confirmed to be royalty, the natural flow would be for Felt to take the throne, and the Royal Selection would lose its very reason for existing.

"That means if Felt had been confirmed as royalty, it would've been a disaster!"

"The Selection only held together because it stayed at the level of suspicion. Do you even manage to act as that girl’s knight with that level of understanding?"

"Shut up! I was just a little short on common sense! My camp has Beako, Petra, and Garfiel—smart, young people who are growing up well!"

"I must correct you; the pretty and charming Betty is the most mature of all, in fact."

Beatrice, who was being hugged and sat on Subaru’s lap, puffed out her chest. Watching Subaru dote on her, Old Rom patted his head with an exasperated look.

Indeed, he had exposed his ignorance due to a slight misunderstanding of the world's logic. But Subaru’s turn for questions wasn't over yet.

"I stumbled a bit, but my main question isn't settled. I get that if royalty is confirmed, the Selection becomes meaningless. But in the end, the suspicion of whether this Philaure-chan person is the real deal is the same as it was for Felt. If that’s the case..."

『—We must determine which one is the true royalty.』

"————"

Reinhard’s words were likely intended to be as emotionless as possible. Because of that, the unspoken weight behind his voice felt as sharp as a blade.

Subaru gasped as the meaning of those words sank into his brain. To determine which one—Felt or Philaure—was the real one.

"Unconfirmed suspicions allowed the Royal Selection to proceed until today. But if there are two candidates who might be the lost royalty, we cannot leave it be. We must also fear the possibility that someone with malice has infiltrated the Selection."

"Malice... even if one of them is the royal, it doesn't mean the other is suddenly 'evil.' They might have just happened to have blonde hair and red eyes..."

"Those traits are considered unique to the royal family precisely because they don't just 'happen' to appear, I suppose."

"But! The insignia glowed for both of them, didn't it!?"

Faced with logical explanations from both Old Rom and Beatrice, Subaru became emotional. He could only argue from a place of feeling.

He couldn't even explain to himself why he was getting so worked up.
However, if meeting them at the very beginning of his summons was part of the reason for his affection for Reinhard and Old Rom, the same could be said for Felt. He didn't want Felt’s existence or her efforts to be negated simply because she might not be royalty.

Furthermore, he hated the idea of branding Philaure—whom he hadn't even met—as a villain or assuming she was plotting something.

Above all—

"If they wanted a royal to succeed so badly, they should've done a DNA test or whatever to check if Felt was royalty the moment she showed up, instead of ignoring it for the Selection. Because they didn't do that and started the Selection anyway, do you know how much Emilia and everyone else has..."

"Subaru..."

Beatrice, on his lap, looked worried as Subaru bit his lip and stifled his voice. Feeling the touch of her hand gently squeezing his, Subaru closed his eyes and took a long, deep breath. Even so, his heart, hammered by passion, refused to calm down.

Emilia, Felt, Crusch, Anastasia, Priscilla—they had all staked their beliefs and even their lives on this Royal Selection.

He couldn't accept the premise being twisted just because an unexpected interloper had appeared.

"If it comes to this..."

"If it comes to what?"

"A protest march with Reinhard to demand the continuation of the Selection..."

『—I see.』

"It’s not 'I see'! Don't say such terrifying things! And you, don't go egging on the 'Sword Saint' recklessly! What will you do if he actually goes through with it!?"

"I’ll join in too!"

"Garf-san, things are getting complicated, so just be quiet for a bit, okay? Please?"

Old Rom and Petra reacted strongly to Subaru’s desperate words. A mix of active and passive rebukes occurred, and Garfiel, withered by Petra’s glare, let out a small "Gao..."

But it wasn't entirely a joke. No, he was actually quite serious. He felt he had to show that level of resolve as a knight of a Royal Selection candidate.

"There’s so much to do once we hit the capital...! I feel like I’ve been moving non-stop for half a year without a break..."

"That’s just the beginning, I suppose. Betty feels like she’s been moving non-stop for about eleven and a half years, in fact."

"Don't say such scary things, it’ll make my head spin..."

Beatrice countered Subaru’s light complaint with an even more powerful one. While trembling at her words, Subaru sighed at the sheer scale and number of troubles waiting for him in the capital.

He was worried about Emilia facing this situation, and he wanted to visit Crusch now that she was healed. He had to get a look at this Philaure person, and he wanted to personally grill the higher-ups—who were likely traumatized—about what would happen to the Selection. He also wanted to investigate the "Al-Sphere" hanging from his neck and the various factors that led to that reckless act.

But for now, what he had to deal with was—

『—Subaru, we’re arriving.』

"Seriously? That’s insane. Sorry for asking for the detour."

Subaru switched his mindset just as Reinhard made his report.
Given the speed at which the scenery was blurring, he had expected it, but the travel speed was truly extraordinary. In terms of pure speed, Cecilus might be faster, but unfortunately, he likely lacked the raw strength to carry a dragon carriage, so the "Cecilus Method" probably wouldn't work.

He wondered if anyone else could pull off a similar feat if they just carried one person on their back—but while he was thinking that, the scenery outside the window suddenly regained its sense of reality.
The high-speed blur stopped, and the carriage was gently lowered to the ground. In other words, they had arrived at their destination. As if to prove it—

"—Just what in the world is going on!?"

"————"

At the sound of that first voice, Subaru stood up abruptly. Still holding Beatrice, who let out a surprised "Nkyah!", he leaped out of the carriage.

There stood Reinhard, who hadn't broken a single sweat despite carrying the carriage, and Patrasche, who looked like she had been through a very tense ordeal.
And then, staring wide-eyed at the absurd arrival of the carriage, standing before the gates of the nostalgic Roswaal Mansion, was a blue-haired—

"Ugh!"

"Subaru!? W-W-What’s wrong, I wonder!?"

Subaru instinctively clutched his chest and dropped to his knees. Beatrice, who had been dragged outside with him, looked on in confusion. While letting Beatrice frantically pat his head and shoulders, Subaru felt a sharp pain in his chest from the overwhelming sight.

Because, standing there in front of the Roswaal Mansion to greet them—

"I’ve realized just how precious that familiar sight of yours is..."

"...And you’re the same as ever, no matter when or where we meet."

With a sigh, looking both exasperated and relieved, the girl in the maid uniform—yes, Rem in her maid uniform—spoke.

***

Taking advantage of the speed of the "Reinhard Method," Subaru had pleaded with Reinhard to stop by the Roswaal Mansion on the way to the capital.

The purpose, needless to say, was to have Rem present for the moment they recovered her "Memories" from the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard—one of the reasons they were heading to the capital.

"I don't expect the talk with 'Gluttony' to go smoothly, but Al should have managed to drag it out of him somehow. If so, there’s no reason I can't do it. Besides, I already missed the reunion between Ram and Rem. If I miss the moment Rem gets her 'Memories' back on top of that, I’ll never recover...!"

Faced with Subaru’s intense plea—one that sounded like he was weeping tears of blood—Reinhard agreed without a single complaint, even though he surely wanted to return to Felt as quickly as possible.
He truly was the best of friends. Subaru felt he would do anything Reinhard asked of him in return, though he doubted he could nod so easily if asked to carry a carriage and take a several-hundred-kilometer detour.

But Reinhard had actually done it.
And that wasn't the only thing Reinhard had agreed to—

"---Sorry, for having you come this far with me."

"No, I don't mind. Besides, though I have no memory of it, I am also a victim of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony’s Authority. It seems I was made to forget at least one friend."

"Yeah. ...By the way, that guy apparently took being forgotten in stride, saying it was a great chance to challenge you. Since you don't know his moves, he thought he could win."

"That... honestly, sounds like something to look forward to."

Watching Reinhard smile truly happily after raising an eyebrow, Subaru inwardly apologized to Julius, thinking he might have accidentally lit a fire under the Sword Saint.
He might have just crushed whatever slim chance of victory Julius had. However, knowing Julius, he might have considered it unfair to be the only one who knew the other's moves and might have proactively shown his hand anyway. So, Subaru decided to hold off on a formal apology.

---The atmosphere was heavy enough to trigger such idle thoughts.

"...It certainly lives up to its name as a Prison Tower."

A cold sweat trickled down Subaru’s forehead as he whispered.
He wasn't in a rush, nor had he been running. The cold sweat was a physical rejection of this space by his entire body.

Located at the highest level of the Royal Capital Lugunica, near the castle, this stone spire served as the prison for the Kingdom’s most heinous criminals. Naturally, to ensure no one could easily interact with the prisoners, every iron door was firmly shut.
It wasn't the style of prison often seen in manga, with bars you could look through. Stepping inside, Subaru felt a mix of relief and anti-climax in a 7-to-3 ratio.

"The guys on Ginunhive were criminals, sure, but they were more... straightforward villains."

It might be a national trait, but the crimes committed by his comrades on the Gladiator Island—Hiain, Weitz, Idra—were mostly of the "violent outburst" variety without much underlying malice. Sometimes, like in Hiain’s case, it was a merciless drop into slavery, but even those considered "major criminals" were just the difference between a small riot and a large one.
On the other hand, the atmosphere of the Prison Tower housing Lugunica’s felons had a bloody, oppressive stench that felt completely different from his experience on the island.

"Is there a high rate of Witch Cultists being held here?"

"Yes. Given that they primarily operate within Lugunica, that assumption is correct. In fact, 'Wrath' is also imprisoned in the basement here."

"The basement... so they’ve kept her separate from 'Gluttony'."

"Just to be safe. There’s also the difference in their capture conditions, but we can't let people get close to 'Wrath' carelessly. That applies even to the other prisoners."

The Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Wrath, Sirius Romanee-Conti, was like a mental pollution that spread through her words and presence. Considering her influence, even if her movements were sealed, it was impossible to say the danger had been removed.
In fact, Subaru felt that some of the unpleasant aura drifting through the Prison Tower might be coming from her.

"I have a physical revulsion to it, but I might have to talk to her eventually too."

"When that time comes, let me know. I’ll accompany you, just like today."

"That’s reassuring. I’m counting on you."

Reinhard’s presence was incredibly heartening as he thumped his chest. However, Sirius’s Authority was something where Reinhard’s strength could potentially backfire. He would have to handle it carefully.
Regardless, she wasn't the reason they were here today. Sorry, Sirius, but you’ll have to enjoy the cold basement air for a while longer.
Instead—

"—It is this way."

The guard leading them pointed to a single door. Subaru nodded to the man, whose face was a perfect balance of intense tension and professional duty, and looked at the door.
It was a door that felt heavy and cold just looking at it, enough to dampen one's spirits. ---Behind that door, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony was imprisoned.

"Though, since he’s in a state similar to the Al-Sphere, it’s doubtful whether he’s even conscious."

Reflecting on his own experience, being sealed inside the black sphere felt like being soaked in lukewarm water while unable to move—an indescribable sensation.
In an environment where he couldn't even maintain a clear consciousness, Beatrice’s hard work and devotion in unraveling the mechanism of the forbidden spell deserved a "Yearly Subaru Award." However, since the list of nominees alone would fill both hands, he decided he’d have to give it some deep thought.

"Subaru? Why are you kneading Betty’s cheeks, I wonder?"

"No, I can't give you the Yearly Subaru Award right now, so this is an expression of affection instead..."

"I’ll let you do as you like once the business is done, so focus on what’s in front of you for now."

Perhaps seeing through his skinship as a sign of nervousness, Beatrice rebuked him seriously. Subaru pouted but let out a breath, saying, "You're right."

Beatrice in the vanguard, Reinhard in the rear—this was the best formation Subaru could assemble for visiting "Gluttony" in the Prison Tower. Ideally, he would have liked Rem to be present, but he didn't expect things to go well on the first attempt anyway.
He anticipated that persuading—or threatening—"Gluttony" would require persistent effort.

"Anyway, he’s sealed with Yin Magic, so Beako is essential to undoing it."

"Leave it to me, I suppose. And if the opponent tries to go on a rampage the moment I undo it, 'Sword Saint,' you are to beat him into submission, in fact."

"Yes, understood. I won't let him lay a finger on you or Subaru. Please rest easy."

"Honestly, that’s incredibly reassuring. Well then..."

Relying on the strength of his overly dependable reinforcements, Subaru nodded to the guard to unlock the door. As the guard slowly pushed the door open, Subaru clenched his fists.

---Inside the dimly lit tower, in the particularly dark cell, Roy Alphard was supposed to be imprisoned, solidified into a monolith-like shape by Yin Magic. They would wake him up and force him to vomit out Rem’s "Memories," as well as the "Names" and "Memories" of all his victims.
Exchanging words with a Sin Archbishop would likely be a battle that chipped away at his sanity, but if there was a certain reward at the end, Subaru would stand firm—

"—Eh?"

Prepared for the worst, Subaru’s breath hitched, and then escaped him.
As his eyes adjusted to the dim light, the scene inside the cell was not what he had expected. He had expected to see Roy Alphard embedded in a black stone monolith like a specimen.
But what was there was a completely unexpected sight.

"————"

Subaru froze, unable to comprehend what he was seeing. Reinhard gently pushed past his shoulder and stepped into the cell instead. Beside him, Beatrice leaned her whole body against Subaru—no, she was supporting him.
Because the strength had left Subaru’s legs, and he was on the verge of collapsing.

With the collapsing Subaru and the supporting Beatrice behind him, Reinhard stepped deep into the cell. He looked at what was scattered across the cold prison floor and shook his head.
Then, he turned back and spoke.

"—Unfortunately, he is dead."

At Reinhard’s feet lay the gruesome remains of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony—"Evil Eating" Roy Alphard. His limbs had been torn off, and his body lay scattered in pieces, a scene of utter carnage.